========================================
HPE Ezmeral Runtime Enterprise
CVE Fixed Report for 5.6.0
Total # of components: 23
 Total # of Critical: 67
 Total # of High: 435
 Total # of Medium: 768
 Total # of Low: 260
=============================================================
Component             Crit High Med  Low
--------------------- ---- ---- ---- ----
airflow                 12   69  191  108
argo                     5   23   62   20
cert-manager             0    0    0    0
datafabric               0    1    9    5
falco                    0    1    3    1
hpe-csi-loopbacknfs      0    0    0    0
hpecp_agent              0    1   18    7
hpecp_monitoring         0    0    0    0
hpecp_nvidiagpubeat      0    4   20    8
hpecp_serviceaccounts    3   33   30    2
istio                    5   14   31   12
k8s                      1    0    0    1
kubedirector             3   17    6    3
kubeflow                 3   27   47   47
kubernetes_dashboard     0    4   20    8
kube_state_metrics       0    0    3    0
metrics_server           1   17   23    9
mlops                   18  164  172    8
nvidia_plugin            0    0    0    0
opa_gatekeeper           1    5   10    2
prometheus               0    0    0    0
spark                    1    1    3    0
spark_operator          14   54  120   19



============ DETAILS =========================

=============================
Container Image: airflow
  Critical: 12
  High:     69
  Medium:   191 
  Low:      108

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
glibc                                         CVE-2022-23219       Critical
org.yaml_snakeyaml                            CVE-2022-1471        Critical
glibc                                         CVE-2022-23218       Critical
glibc                                         CVE-2021-35942       Critical
glibc                                         CVE-2021-33574       Critical
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2017-5461        Critical
python                                        CVE-2016-5636        Critical
dpkg                                          CVE-2022-1664        Critical
python                                        CVE-2016-0718        Critical
postgres                                      CVE-2018-1115        Critical
nss-tools                                     CVE-2021-43527       Critical
openssl                                       CVE-2021-3711        Critical
jupyter-core                                  CVE-2022-39286       High    
systemd                                       CVE-2018-16864       High    
expat                                         CVE-2022-23990       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2020-8616        High    
openssl1.0                                    CVE-2020-1971        High    
systemd                                       CVE-2018-16865       High    
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-40127       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2016-2776        High    
glibc-common                                  CVE-2017-1000366     High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2016-9444        High    
bind9                                         CVE-2022-3080        High    
gmp                                           CVE-2021-43618       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2017-3145        High    
nghttp2                                       CVE-2020-11080       High    
systemd-udev                                  CVE-2021-33910       High    
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2021-3712        High    
openssl                                       CVE-2022-3786        High    
systemd                                       CVE-2022-2526        High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2016-8864        High    
curl                                          CVE-2022-27781       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2022-38177       High    
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-17498       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2019-12735       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28367       High    
expat                                         CVE-2022-25236       High    
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-13115       High    
glibc                                         CVE-2020-1751        High    
go                                            CVE-2020-16845       High    
python                                        CVE-2022-37454       High    
expat                                         CVE-2022-25315       High    
glibc                                         CVE-2020-1752        High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2017-3143        High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2018-5740        High    
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-3857        High    
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2017-7502        High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2022-38178       High    
xz                                            CVE-2022-1271        High    
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-0778        High    
glib2                                         CVE-2021-27219       High    
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-3856        High    
gcc-8                                         CVE-2018-12886       High    
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-6304        High    
org.yaml_snakeyaml                            CVE-2022-25857       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2018-5743        High    
rpcbind                                       CVE-2017-8779        High    
expat                                         CVE-2022-25235       High    
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-3855        High    
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-3863        High    
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-41672       High    
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2017-7805        High    
mako                                          CVE-2022-40023       High    
openssl                                       CVE-2022-3602        High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28362       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2017-3137        High    
yum-plugin-ovl                                CVE-2018-10897       High    
cyrus-sasl-lib                                CVE-2022-24407       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2020-8617        High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2016-9147        High    
go                                            CVE-2021-27918       High    
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-40604       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2020-8625        High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2016-9131        High    
zlib                                          CVE-2018-25032       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28366       High    
glibc                                         CVE-2021-3326        High    
dracut                                        CVE-2017-5715        High    
python                                        CVE-2016-2183        High    
glibc                                         CVE-2020-6096        High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2021-25215       High    
nss-tools                                     CVE-2015-2808        Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2017-3135        Medium  
binutils                                      CVE-2023-25587       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27774       Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2016-2834        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2018-16842       Medium  
expat-devel                                   CVE-2022-25313       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2018-14647       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2018-1000001     Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-23852       Medium  
krb5-libs                                     CVE-2017-7562        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2016-5419        Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2018-14567       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2017-16997       Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2016-5285        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32206       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2017-15670       Medium  
procps                                        CVE-2018-1126        Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2021-25214       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2018-1000120     Medium  
nss                                           CVE-2020-12402       Medium  
gnutls28                                      CVE-2021-4209        Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-7056        Medium  
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-43982       Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2016-1248        Medium  
python                                        CVE-2020-26137       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-6302        Medium  
pyspark                                       CVE-2022-31777       Medium  
nss                                           CVE-2019-17006       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2016-10228       Medium  
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2019-5094        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2018-14618       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2018-6485        Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2022-46908       Medium  
nss                                           CVE-2019-11729       Medium  
cpio                                          CVE-2019-14866       Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2019-11756       Medium  
krb5-libs                                     CVE-2021-37750       Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2017-3136        Medium  
nss                                           CVE-2019-17007       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22827       Medium  
wheel                                         PRISMA-2022-0404     Medium  
nss                                           CVE-2020-12401       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2019-9636        Medium  
openldap                                      CVE-2017-9287        Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2021-25220       Medium  
python3-libxml2                               CVE-2017-15412       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2020-29573       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22823       Medium  
python3.7                                     CVE-2019-20907       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-2181        Medium  
expat-devel                                   CVE-2022-25314       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-29510       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27776       Medium  
nss-tools                                     CVE-2020-25648       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2018-20852       Medium  
org.yaml_snakeyaml                            CVE-2022-38749       Medium  
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2016-7795        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32208       Medium  
oauthlib                                      CVE-2022-36087       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2017-15804       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2018-12910       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2015-8779        Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2018-0739        Medium  
python3-libxml2                               CVE-2016-5131        Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2015-9381        Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2018-15686       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22825       Medium  
libxml2-python                                CVE-2016-4658        Medium  
nss                                           CVE-2020-12400       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2017-3736        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-14039       Medium  
openldap                                      CVE-2020-12243       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2015-7552        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2021-45960       Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2017-3142        Medium  
python                                        CVE-2020-26116       Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2020-8622        Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2018-11713       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-15586       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2018-1000122     Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2021-46143       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2018-14036       Medium  
sqlite3                                       CVE-2019-13734       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2015-2716        Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2020-27618       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2018-4200        Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-2179        Medium  
wheel                                         CVE-2022-40898       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-24553       Medium  
libblkid                                      CVE-2017-2616        Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2020-8624        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2018-1000301     Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2018-5742        Medium  
nss                                           CVE-2019-11745       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27782       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2018-1000007     Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2021-23841       Medium  
openldap                                      CVE-2020-25692       Medium  
openssl-devel                                 CVE-2022-1292        Medium  
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-45402       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2015-8778        Medium  
python3.7                                     CVE-2019-10160       Medium  
dbus                                          CVE-2020-12049       Medium  
python3.7                                     CVE-2019-9740        Medium  
openssl-devel                                 CVE-2022-2068        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2016-7167        Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2018-14404       Medium  
nss                                           CVE-2020-6829        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-3114        Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2022-2795        Medium  
python                                        CVE-2019-16056       Medium  
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2019-5188        Medium  
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-43985       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2021-23840       Medium  
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-40754       Medium  
libtasn1                                      CVE-2015-3622        Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2019-1559        Medium  
libxml2-python                                CVE-2015-8035        Medium  
bash                                          CVE-2016-7543        Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-47024       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2016-10739       Medium  
openldap                                      CVE-2020-25709       Medium  
openldap                                      CVE-2020-25710       Medium  
dbus                                          CVE-2019-12749       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2021-22946       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2019-25013       Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2018-5741        Medium  
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-3861        Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2018-11236       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2018-11712       Medium  
procps                                        CVE-2018-1122        Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2021-4160        Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2017-3731        Medium  
krb5                                          CVE-2017-11368       Medium  
org.yaml_snakeyaml                            CVE-2022-38751       Medium  
rpm-build-libs                                CVE-2021-20271       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2015-8776        Medium  
glib2.0                                       CVE-2019-12450       Medium  
nss                                           CVE-2020-12403       Medium  
gnupg                                         CVE-2018-12020       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-2178        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2017-1000257     Medium  
krb5                                          CVE-2016-3120        Medium  
python3.7                                     CVE-2019-9948        Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-8610        Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2019-14822       Medium  
krb5-libs                                     CVE-2021-36222       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22824       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2018-1049        Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2018-16866       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2019-5436        Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2020-8623        Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2015-8983        Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2018-15688       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2019-5482        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22826       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2019-15903       Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2019-6477        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2021-22947       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2017-2862        Medium  
python                                        CVE-2021-3177        Medium  
snowflake-connector-python                    CVE-2022-42965       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2015-9382        Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2016-8635        Medium  
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-3858        Medium  
nss                                           CVE-2018-12404       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-22576       Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2016-2775        Medium  
nss                                           CVE-2019-11719       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2021-22924       Medium  
krb5                                          CVE-2018-20217       Medium  
libgcrypt                                     CVE-2016-6313        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2020-8177        Medium  
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-3862        Medium  
glibc-devel                                   CVE-2023-25139       Medium  
shared-mime-info                              CVE-2019-3820        Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2019-6454        Medium  
org.yaml_snakeyaml                            CVE-2022-38750       Medium  
python3.7                                     CVE-2019-9947        Medium  
krb5                                          CVE-2016-3119        Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2018-11237       Medium  
openldap                                      CVE-2022-29155       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22822       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-2182        Medium  
bash                                          CVE-2016-0634        Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2018-4121        Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2017-3737        Medium  
procps                                        CVE-2018-1124        Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2018-4204        Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2020-10029       Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-4292        Low     
glib2                                         CVE-2018-10767       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-10373       Low     
bind-license                                  CVE-2018-5745        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2023-0049        Low     
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-6306        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-7642        Low     
pcre                                          CVE-2020-14155       Low     
elfutils                                      CVE-2018-18521       Low     
bash                                          CVE-2019-9924        Low     
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2019-17023       Low     
nss                                           CVE-2018-12384       Low     
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-2180        Low     
bash                                          CVE-2016-9401        Low     
systemd                                       CVE-2021-3997        Low     
systemd                                       CVE-2019-20386       Low     
coreutils                                     CVE-2015-4041        Low     
glib2                                         CVE-2018-10733       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-13033       Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2023-0433        Low     
setup                                         CVE-2018-1113        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2015-8985        Low     
elfutils                                      CVE-2018-18310       Low     
elfutils                                      CVE-2018-16403       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2016-5420        Low     
pcre2                                         CVE-2019-20454       Low     
glibc-common                                  CVE-2015-8777        Low     
openssl                                       CVE-2018-0732        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2015-8984        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-12697       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-12641       Low     
openssl                                       CVE-2018-0737        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2023-25586       Low     
glibc-common                                  CVE-2016-3075        Low     
python3-libxml2                               CVE-2017-18258       Low     
shadow                                        CVE-2018-7169        Low     
elfutils                                      CVE-2019-7150        Low     
curl                                          CVE-2021-22898       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2019-17450       Low     
file-libs                                     CVE-2018-10360       Low     
glib2                                         CVE-2018-13988       Low     
libxml2                                       CVE-2019-19956       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2021-27645       Low     
glib2                                         CVE-2018-10768       Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3491        Low     
systemd                                       CVE-2019-3843        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-7569        Low     
libgcrypt20                                   CVE-2018-0495        Low     
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-2177        Low     
systemd                                       CVE-2019-3844        Low     
elfutils                                      CVE-2019-7665        Low     
krb5                                          CVE-2018-5729        Low     
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2019-11727       Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-39403       Low     
glibc-common                                  CVE-2015-5180        Low     
python                                        CVE-2018-1060        Low     
gcc-5                                         CVE-2017-11671       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2023-25588       Low     
libtasn1                                      CVE-2015-2806        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2017-12132       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-8945        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-10535       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2016-7141        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-7568        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-10372       Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2023-0512        Low     
krb5                                          CVE-2018-5730        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2019-19126       Low     
openssl                                       CVE-2022-3358        Low     
lz4                                           CVE-2019-17543       Low     
expat                                         CVE-2018-20843       Low     
glib2                                         CVE-2018-5818        Low     
glib2                                         CVE-2017-18267       Low     
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2018-0735        Low     
python                                        CVE-2019-5010        Low     
elfutils                                      CVE-2019-7149        Low     
libidn2                                       CVE-2019-12290       Low     
elfutils                                      CVE-2018-16402       Low     
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2017-3738        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2023-25585       Low     
elfutils-libs                                 CVE-2019-7664        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-7643        Low     
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2017-3735        Low     
coreutils                                     CVE-2015-4042        Low     
libxml2                                       CVE-2020-7595        Low     
python                                        CVE-2019-16935       Low     
util-linux                                    CVE-2016-5011        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-7208        Low     
curl                                          CVE-2018-1000121     Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-1000876     Low     
libtirpc                                      CVE-2018-14622       Low     
openssl                                       CVE-2018-0734        Low     
gnupg2                                        CVE-2019-14855       Low     
libgcrypt20                                   CVE-2019-13627       Low     
elfutils                                      CVE-2018-18520       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-10534       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2023-25584       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2015-8982        Low     
openssl                                       CVE-2018-5407        Low     
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2019-3815        Low     
python                                        CVE-2018-1061        Low     
glib2                                         CVE-2018-5819        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-4293        Low     
systemd                                       CVE-2018-16888       Low     
gcc-8                                         CVE-2019-15847       Low     
bind-license                                  CVE-2019-6465        Low     
elfutils                                      CVE-2018-16062       Low     
libxml2                                       CVE-2019-20388       Low     

=============================
Container Image: argo
  Critical: 5
  High:     23
  Medium:   62 
  Low:      20

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
pyyaml                                        CVE-2020-14343       Critical
github.com/Masterminds/vcs                    CVE-2022-21235       Critical
github.com/emicklei/go-restful                CVE-2022-1996        Critical
json-schema                                   CVE-2021-3918        Critical
busybox                                       CVE-2021-42377       Critical
go                                            CVE-2021-33195       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28851       High    
npm                                           CVE-2021-44531       High    
systemd                                       CVE-2022-2526        High    
libksba                                       CVE-2022-3515        High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28362       High    
github.com/russellhaering/goxmldsig           CVE-2020-7711        High    
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2021-43816       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33198       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28367       High    
pip                                           PRISMA-2022-0168     High    
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-0778        High    
busybox                                       CVE-2022-28391       High    
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23648       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-27918       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-29923       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33194       High    
python                                        CVE-2022-37454       High    
zlib                                          CVE-2018-25032       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28366       High    
npm                                           CVE-2022-21824       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33196       High    
openssl                                       CVE-2023-0286        High    
go                                            CVE-2020-29510       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2023-0215        Medium  
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2020-8561        Medium  
httpd-tools                                   CVE-2022-30522       Medium  
busybox                                       CVE-2021-42373       Medium  
npm                                           CVE-2021-44532       Medium  
binutils                                      CVE-2023-25587       Medium  
freetype-devel                                CVE-2022-27404       Medium  
httpd-tools                                   CVE-2022-26377       Medium  
nodejs                                        CVE-2022-35256       Medium  
openssl-devel                                 CVE-2022-1292        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32208       Medium  
oauthlib                                      CVE-2022-36087       Medium  
unbound-libs                                  CVE-2022-30698       Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-1897        Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-4450        Medium  
python3.9                                     CVE-2015-20107       Medium  
httpd-tools                                   CVE-2022-29404       Medium  
openssl-devel                                 CVE-2022-2068        Medium  
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-1355        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-3114        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32206       Medium  
npm                                           CVE-2022-32214       Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2020-35527       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-4304        Medium  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                CVE-2021-43784       Medium  
npm                                           CVE-2021-44533       Medium  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                CVE-2022-29162       Medium  
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-0924        Medium  
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-34903       Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-1785        Medium  
freetype-devel                                CVE-2022-27405       Medium  
qt5-srpm-macros                               CVE-2022-25255       Medium  
mod_ldap                                      CVE-2022-22719       Medium  
freetype-devel                                CVE-2022-27406       Medium  
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-22844       Medium  
python3.9                                     CVE-2022-0391        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-33197       Medium  
httpd-tools                                   CVE-2022-31813       Medium  
github.com/docker/cli                         CVE-2021-41092       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-36221       Medium  
gnutls28                                      CVE-2022-2509        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
python3-unbound                               CVE-2022-3204        Medium  
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-3598        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-31525       Medium  
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-0865        Medium  
pcre2                                         CVE-2022-1586        Medium  
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-0562        Medium  
rsa                                           CVE-2020-25658       Medium  
glibc-devel                                   CVE-2023-0687        Medium  
unbound-libs                                  CVE-2022-30699       Medium  
libxml2-devel                                 CVE-2016-3709        Medium  
wheel                                         CVE-2022-40898       Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-1927        Medium  
mod_ldap                                      CVE-2022-23943       Medium  
wheel                                         PRISMA-2022-0404     Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2021-4160        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-34558       Medium  
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2022-1304        Medium  
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-0561        Medium  
mod_ldap                                      CVE-2022-22721       Medium  
python38-setuptools                           CVE-2021-3572        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3037        Low     
github.com/containerd/containerd              GHSA-5j5w-g665-5m35  Low     
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-0908        Low     
httpd-tools                                   CVE-2022-30556       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2023-25588       Low     
sqlite                                        CVE-2020-35525       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2023-25586       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2023-25584       Low     
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-0891        Low     
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-0909        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3491        Low     
rsync                                         CVE-2022-29154       Low     
github.com/docker/distribution                GHSA-qq97-vm5h-rrhg  Low     
httpd-tools                                   CVE-2022-28615       Low     
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2021-25740       Low     
httpd-tools                                   CVE-2022-28614       Low     
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec          GHSA-77vh-xpmg-72qh  Low     
busybox                                       ALPINE-13661         Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2023-25585       Low     

=============================
Container Image: cert-manager
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------

=============================
Container Image: datafabric
  Critical: 0
  High:     1
  Medium:   9 
  Low:      5

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
org.apache.ant_ant                            CVE-2020-11979       High    
mod_ldap                                      CVE-2022-23943       Medium  
mod_ldap                                      CVE-2022-22719       Medium  
httpd-tools                                   CVE-2022-29404       Medium  
mod_ldap                                      CVE-2022-22721       Medium  
httpd-tools                                   CVE-2022-31813       Medium  
heimdal                                       CVE-2022-45142       Medium  
httpd-tools                                   CVE-2022-26377       Medium  
nodejs                                        CVE-2022-35256       Medium  
httpd-tools                                   CVE-2022-30522       Medium  
postgresql-13                                 CVE-2022-41862       Low     
httpd-tools                                   CVE-2022-28614       Low     
httpd-tools                                   CVE-2022-30556       Low     
httpd-tools                                   CVE-2022-28615       Low     
go.etcd.io/etcd                               CVE-2020-15106       Low     

=============================
Container Image: falco
  Critical: 0
  High:     1
  Medium:   3 
  Low:      1

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
libksba                                       CVE-2022-3515        High    
sqlite                                        CVE-2020-35527       Medium  
libxml2-devel                                 CVE-2016-3709        Medium  
glibc-devel                                   CVE-2023-0687        Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2020-35525       Low     

=============================
Container Image: hpe-csi-loopbacknfs
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------

=============================
Container Image: hpecp_agent
  Critical: 0
  High:     1
  Medium:   18 
  Low:      7

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
ansible                                       CVE-2021-3583        High    
glibc-devel                                   CVE-2023-25139       Medium  
expat-devel                                   CVE-2022-25314       Medium  
python3-libxml2                               CVE-2022-29824       Medium  
cryptography                                  CVE-2023-23931       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27776       Medium  
python3.9                                     CVE-2021-3733        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-22576       Medium  
libgcrypt-devel                               CVE-2021-40528       Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-1621        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27774       Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-1154        Medium  
python3.9                                     CVE-2021-4189        Medium  
libtirpc                                      CVE-2021-46828       Medium  
expat-devel                                   CVE-2022-25313       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27782       Medium  
python38-setuptools                           CVE-2021-43818       Medium  
glibc-devel                                   CVE-2023-0687        Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-1629        Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3037        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2182        Low     
python3.9                                     CVE-2021-3737        Low     
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-3219        Low     
libssh-config                                 CVE-2021-3634        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2124        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3324        Low     

=============================
Container Image: hpecp_monitoring
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------

=============================
Container Image: hpecp_nvidiagpubeat
  Critical: 0
  High:     4
  Medium:   20 
  Low:      8

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
libksba                                       CVE-2022-47629       High    
krb5-libs                                     CVE-2022-42898       High    
libksba                                       CVE-2022-3515        High    
openssl                                       CVE-2023-0286        High    
python3-rpm                                   CVE-2021-35938       Medium  
libtasn1-6                                    CVE-2021-46848       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-4450        Medium  
libxml2-devel                                 CVE-2016-3709        Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-3821        Medium  
tar                                           CVE-2022-48303       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2023-0215        Medium  
python3-libxml2                               CVE-2022-40304       Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2020-35527       Medium  
python3-rpm                                   CVE-2021-35939       Medium  
gnutls28                                      CVE-2022-2509        Medium  
bash                                          CVE-2022-3715        Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-4415        Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-4304        Medium  
python3-rpm                                   CVE-2021-35937       Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2022-37434       Medium  
glibc-devel                                   CVE-2023-0687        Medium  
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2022-1304        Medium  
python3-libxml2                               CVE-2022-40303       Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2022-35737       Medium  
bsdtar                                        CVE-2022-36227       Low     
bsdtar                                        CVE-2017-14166       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2021-3826        Low     
bsdtar                                        CVE-2017-14501       Low     
sqlite                                        CVE-2020-35525       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2022-35252       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2022-43552       Low     
libsolv                                       CVE-2021-44568       Low     

=============================
Container Image: hpecp_serviceaccounts
  Critical: 3
  High:     33
  Medium:   30 
  Low:      2

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
github.com/emicklei/go-restful                CVE-2022-1996        Critical
go                                            CVE-2021-38297       Critical
go                                            CVE-2022-23806       Critical
go                                            CVE-2021-44716       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30630       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28131       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30580       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28362       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-41715       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24675       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-27918       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-2880        High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23773       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33195       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-29923       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33194       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41771       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33198       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-27664       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30635       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28327       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23772       High    
systemd                                       CVE-2022-2526        High    
libksba                                       CVE-2022-3515        High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30633       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28367       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33196       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-2879        High    
openssl                                       CVE-2023-0286        High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30631       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24921       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28366       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-39293       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-32189       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30632       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41772       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-1705        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-41716       Medium  
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-34903       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-4450        Medium  
libxml2-devel                                 CVE-2016-3709        Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2023-0215        Medium  
openssl-devel                                 CVE-2022-2068        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-32148       Medium  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                  PRISMA-2022-0270     Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-3114        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-33197       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-1962        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32206       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2097        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-41717       Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2020-35527       Medium  
openssl-devel                                 CVE-2022-1292        Medium  
gnutls28                                      CVE-2022-2509        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-36221       Medium  
bash                                          CVE-2022-3715        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-34558       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32208       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-4304        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-31525       Medium  
pcre2                                         CVE-2022-1586        Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2022-37434       Medium  
glibc-devel                                   CVE-2023-0687        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23471       Medium  
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2022-1304        Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2020-35525       Low     
go                                            CVE-2022-30629       Low     

=============================
Container Image: istio
  Critical: 5
  High:     14
  Medium:   31 
  Low:      12

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
glibc                                         CVE-2022-23218       Critical
dpkg                                          CVE-2022-1664        Critical
glibc                                         CVE-2022-23219       Critical
glibc                                         CVE-2021-35942       Critical
go                                            CVE-2022-23806       Critical
curl                                          CVE-2022-27781       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-44716       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23773       High    
glibc                                         CVE-2021-3999        High    
cyrus-sasl-lib                                CVE-2022-24407       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23772       High    
libksba                                       CVE-2022-3515        High    
glibc                                         CVE-2020-6096        High    
xz                                            CVE-2022-1271        High    
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-0778        High    
curl                                          CVE-2022-27775       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24921       High    
zlib                                          CVE-2018-25032       High    
glibc                                         CVE-2021-3326        High    
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-34903       Medium  
libxml2-devel                                 CVE-2016-3709        Medium  
util-linux                                    CVE-2021-3996        Medium  
libsepol                                      CVE-2021-36087       Medium  
helm.sh/helm/v3                               CVE-2023-25165       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27776       Medium  
openssl-devel                                 CVE-2022-2068        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-22576       Medium  
libsepol                                      CVE-2021-36084       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32206       Medium  
libsepol                                      CVE-2021-36085       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27774       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2097        Medium  
github.com/docker/cli                         CVE-2021-41092       Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2020-35527       Medium  
openssl-devel                                 CVE-2022-1292        Medium  
gnutls28                                      CVE-2022-2509        Medium  
openldap                                      CVE-2022-29155       Medium  
bash                                          CVE-2022-3715        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32208       Medium  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                CVE-2021-43784       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2020-27618       Medium  
util-linux                                    CVE-2021-3995        Medium  
libsepol                                      CVE-2021-36086       Medium  
pcre2                                         CVE-2022-1586        Medium  
gnutls28                                      CVE-2021-4209        Medium  
glibc-devel                                   CVE-2023-0687        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27782       Medium  
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2022-1304        Medium  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                CVE-2022-29162       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2019-25013       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2021-27645       Low     
tcpdump                                       CVE-2020-8037        Low     
protobuf-c                                    CVE-2022-33070       Low     
sqlite                                        CVE-2020-35525       Low     
systemd                                       CVE-2021-3997        Low     
bash                                          CVE-2019-18276       Low     
tar                                           CVE-2021-20193       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2020-29562       Low     
tcpdump                                       CVE-2018-16301       Low     
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec          GHSA-77vh-xpmg-72qh  Low     
pcre                                          CVE-2019-20838       Low     
pcre2                                         CVE-2022-1587        Low     

=============================
Container Image: k8s
  Critical: 1
  High:     0
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      1

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
github.com/emicklei/go-restful                CVE-2022-1996        Critical
github.com/docker/distribution                GHSA-qq97-vm5h-rrhg  Low     

=============================
Container Image: kubedirector
  Critical: 3
  High:     17
  Medium:   6 
  Low:      3

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
git                                           CVE-2022-41903       Critical
go                                            CVE-2022-23806       Critical
git                                           CVE-2022-23521       Critical
go                                            CVE-2022-30630       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28131       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30580       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24675       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23773       High    
git                                           CVE-2022-29187       High    
nodejs                                        CVE-2022-35255       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30635       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28327       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23772       High    
git                                           CVE-2022-39260       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30633       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30631       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24921       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-32189       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30632       High    
git                                           CVE-2022-24765       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-1705        Medium  
k8s.io/client-go                              CVE-2020-8565        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-32148       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-1962        Medium  
git                                           CVE-2022-39253       Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3037        Low     
github.com/docker/distribution                GHSA-qq97-vm5h-rrhg  Low     
go                                            CVE-2022-30629       Low     

=============================
Container Image: kubeflow
  Critical: 3
  High:     27
  Medium:   47 
  Low:      47

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
jison                                         CVE-2020-8178        Critical
github.com/nats-io/jwt                        GHSA-62mh-w5cv-p88c  Critical
chart.js                                      CVE-2020-7746        Critical
@npmcli/arborist                              CVE-2021-39135       High    
@npmcli/arborist                              CVE-2021-39134       High    
djvulibre                                     CVE-2021-32492       High    
tar                                           CVE-2021-37701       High    
tar                                           CVE-2021-32803       High    
tar                                           CVE-2021-32804       High    
djvulibre                                     CVE-2019-18804       High    
github.com/russellhaering/goxmldsig           CVE-2020-7711        High    
path-parse                                    CVE-2021-23343       High    
libxslt                                       CVE-2019-5815        High    
go                                            CVE-2019-17596       High    
openexr                                       CVE-2021-20299       High    
djvulibre                                     CVE-2021-3500        High    
djvulibre                                     CVE-2021-32491       High    
protobufjs                                    CVE-2022-25878       High    
bluez                                         CVE-2019-8922        High    
tar                                           CVE-2021-37713       High    
github.com/tidwall/gjson                      CVE-2021-42248       High    
bluez                                         CVE-2020-27153       High    
github.com/tidwall/gjson                      CVE-2021-42836       High    
djvulibre                                     CVE-2021-32490       High    
openexr                                       CVE-2021-20298       High    
npm                                           CVE-2022-29244       High    
tar                                           CVE-2021-37712       High    
lief                                          CVE-2022-38495       High    
djvulibre                                     CVE-2021-32493       High    
postgresql-11                                 CVE-2021-23214       High    
openexr                                       CVE-2021-3474        Medium  
bluez                                         CVE-2019-8921        Medium  
librsvg                                       CVE-2019-20446       Medium  
bluez                                         CVE-2020-26558       Medium  
mariadb-10.3                                  CVE-2021-46666       Medium  
lief                                          CVE-2022-40923       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2020-16587       Medium  
lief                                          CVE-2022-38497       Medium  
lief                                          CVE-2022-38307       Medium  
djvulibre                                     CVE-2021-3630        Medium  
github.com/coredns/coredns                    GHSA-gv9j-4w24-q7vx  Medium  
mariadb-10.3                                  CVE-2022-21427       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-3475        Medium  
tiff                                          CVE-2020-19143       Medium  
go.etcd.io/etcd                               CVE-2018-1099        Medium  
unbound-libs                                  CVE-2022-30698       Medium  
postgresql-11                                 CVE-2021-3677        Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-20302       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-3479        Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-3477        Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2020-16589       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-20303       Medium  
mariadb-10.3                                  CVE-2021-46657       Medium  
mariadb-10.3                                  CVE-2021-46658       Medium  
lief                                          CVE-2022-40922       Medium  
helm.sh/helm/v3                               CVE-2023-25165       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-3478        Medium  
go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver                   CVE-2021-20329       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2020-16588       Medium  
tmux                                          CVE-2022-47016       Medium  
github.com/docker/cli                         CVE-2021-41092       Medium  
djvulibre                                     CVE-2019-15143       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-3476        Medium  
djvulibre                                     CVE-2019-15144       Medium  
mariadb-10.3                                  CVE-2021-2372        Medium  
python3-unbound                               CVE-2022-3204        Medium  
postgresql-11                                 CVE-2021-23222       Medium  
k8s.io/client-go                              CVE-2020-8565        Medium  
unbound-libs                                  CVE-2022-30699       Medium  
mariadb-10.3                                  CVE-2021-2389        Medium  
djvulibre                                     CVE-2019-15145       Medium  
gunicorn                                      PRISMA-2021-0072     Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-20300       Medium  
lief                                          CVE-2022-38306       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-20296       Medium  
bluez                                         CVE-2021-0129        Medium  
djvulibre                                     CVE-2019-15142       Medium  
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27776       Low     
tcpdump                                       CVE-2020-8037        Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27769       Low     
unbound                                       CVE-2020-28935       Low     
libheif                                       CVE-2020-23109       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27772       Low     
groff                                         CVE-2009-5080        Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-19667       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-25676       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27760       Low     
go.etcd.io/etcd                               CVE-2020-15106       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27773       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27770       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27762       Low     
openjpeg2                                     CVE-2019-12973       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27765       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-25675       Low     
libheif                                       CVE-2020-19498       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27774       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27771       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27767       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27751       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27764       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27759       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27768       Low     
protobuf-c                                    CVE-2022-33070       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27758       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27775       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27763       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27757       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27761       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27766       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27756       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2021-20176       Low     
iproute2                                      CVE-2019-20795       Low     
bluez                                         CVE-2018-10910       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-25666       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27754       Low     
libheif                                       CVE-2020-19499       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2021-3596        Low     
tcpdump                                       CVE-2018-16301       Low     
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec          GHSA-77vh-xpmg-72qh  Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27750       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-25665       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27560       Low     
libonig                                       CVE-2019-13225       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-25674       Low     

=============================
Container Image: kubernetes_dashboard
  Critical: 0
  High:     4
  Medium:   20 
  Low:      8

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
libksba                                       CVE-2022-47629       High    
krb5-libs                                     CVE-2022-42898       High    
libksba                                       CVE-2022-3515        High    
openssl                                       CVE-2023-0286        High    
python3-rpm                                   CVE-2021-35938       Medium  
libtasn1-6                                    CVE-2021-46848       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-4450        Medium  
libxml2-devel                                 CVE-2016-3709        Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-3821        Medium  
tar                                           CVE-2022-48303       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2023-0215        Medium  
python3-libxml2                               CVE-2022-40304       Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2020-35527       Medium  
python3-rpm                                   CVE-2021-35939       Medium  
gnutls28                                      CVE-2022-2509        Medium  
bash                                          CVE-2022-3715        Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-4415        Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-4304        Medium  
python3-rpm                                   CVE-2021-35937       Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2022-37434       Medium  
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2022-1304        Medium  
python3-libxml2                               CVE-2022-40303       Medium  
glibc-devel                                   CVE-2023-0687        Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2022-35737       Medium  
bsdtar                                        CVE-2022-36227       Low     
bsdtar                                        CVE-2017-14166       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2021-3826        Low     
bsdtar                                        CVE-2017-14501       Low     
sqlite                                        CVE-2020-35525       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2022-35252       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2022-43552       Low     
libsolv                                       CVE-2021-44568       Low     

=============================
Container Image: kube_state_metrics
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   3 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
sqlite                                        CVE-2022-46908       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-45873       Medium  
shadow-utils                                  CVE-2023-0634        Medium  

=============================
Container Image: metrics_server
  Critical: 1
  High:     17
  Medium:   23 
  Low:      9

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
go                                            CVE-2022-23806       Critical
go                                            CVE-2022-30630       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28131       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30580       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24675       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23773       High    
libksba                                       CVE-2022-47629       High    
krb5-libs                                     CVE-2022-42898       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30635       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28327       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23772       High    
libksba                                       CVE-2022-3515        High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30633       High    
openssl                                       CVE-2023-0286        High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30631       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24921       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-32189       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30632       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-1705        Medium  
python3-rpm                                   CVE-2021-35938       Medium  
libtasn1-6                                    CVE-2021-46848       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-4450        Medium  
libxml2-devel                                 CVE-2016-3709        Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-3821        Medium  
tar                                           CVE-2022-48303       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2023-0215        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-32148       Medium  
python3-libxml2                               CVE-2022-40304       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-1962        Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2020-35527       Medium  
python3-rpm                                   CVE-2021-35939       Medium  
gnutls28                                      CVE-2022-2509        Medium  
bash                                          CVE-2022-3715        Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-4415        Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-4304        Medium  
python3-rpm                                   CVE-2021-35937       Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2022-37434       Medium  
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2022-1304        Medium  
python3-libxml2                               CVE-2022-40303       Medium  
glibc-devel                                   CVE-2023-0687        Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2022-35737       Medium  
bsdtar                                        CVE-2022-36227       Low     
bsdtar                                        CVE-2017-14166       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2021-3826        Low     
bsdtar                                        CVE-2017-14501       Low     
sqlite                                        CVE-2020-35525       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2022-35252       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2022-43552       Low     
go                                            CVE-2022-30629       Low     
libsolv                                       CVE-2021-44568       Low     

=============================
Container Image: mlops
  Critical: 18
  High:     164
  Medium:   172 
  Low:      8

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-15207       Critical
tensorflow                                    CVE-2018-7575        Critical
notebook                                      CVE-2021-32798       Critical
pyyaml                                        CVE-2020-14343       Critical
tensorflow                                    CVE-2019-16778       Critical
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23587       Critical
tensorflow-cpu                                GHSA-h6gw-r52c-724r  Critical
go                                            CVE-2021-38297       Critical
url-parse                                     CVE-2022-0686        Critical
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-15205       Critical
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-15208       Critical
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-15202       Critical
github.com/emicklei/go-restful                CVE-2022-1996        Critical
url-parse                                     CVE-2022-0691        Critical
npm                                           CVE-2021-44906       Critical
go                                            CVE-2022-23806       Critical
pyyaml                                        CVE-2020-1747        Critical
pyyaml                                        CVE-2019-20477       Critical
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41214       High    
jupyter-core                                  CVE-2022-39286       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29518       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29612       High    
rsa                                           CVE-2020-13757       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-21740       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29591       High    
bleach                                        CVE-2020-6817        High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23558       High    
golang.org/x/crypto                           CVE-2020-29652       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29610       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29578       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30635       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30633       High    
unset-value                                   PRISMA-2022-0049     High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29537       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29589       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29593       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29577       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-41715       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29559       High    
moment                                        CVE-2022-31129       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-29923       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29520       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29525       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41219       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23566       High    
notebook                                      CVE-2021-32797       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-27664       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2018-10055       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41210       High    
mistune                                       CVE-2022-34749       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33196       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29616       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23561       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30632       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29601       High    
loader-utils                                  CVE-2022-37599       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23773       High    
nltk                                          CVE-2021-3828        High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29569       High    
d3-color                                      GHSA-36jr-mh4h-2g58  High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-21728       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29515       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-39293       High    
jupyter-server                                CVE-2022-29241       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41772       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-15265       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30630       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23772       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28367       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29579       High    
postcss                                       CVE-2021-23382       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24921       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-15266       High    
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                              CVE-2022-3064        High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29595       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29574       High    
werkzeug                                      CVE-2019-14806       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23591       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-16845       High    
fast-json-patch                               PRISMA-2021-0103     High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29614       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29600       High    
jupyterhub                                    CVE-2021-41247       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-2879        High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-26267       High    
oauthlib                                      PRISMA-2021-0041     High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29571       High    
semver-regex                                  CVE-2021-3795        High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-15203       High    
keras                                         PRISMA-2021-0099     High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23562       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33195       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41771       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29609       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29536       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-5215        High    
moment                                        CVE-2022-24785       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41226       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23559       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41224       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29530       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29607       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28131       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29613       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29558       High    
future                                        CVE-2022-40899       High    
mlflow                                        CVE-2022-0736        High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29582       High    
marked                                        CVE-2022-21680       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29540       High    
httplib2                                      CVE-2021-21240       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2018-7577        High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-15195       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29608       High    
nltk                                          CVE-2021-3842        High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29570       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29599       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29606       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29566       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29596       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-21726       High    
werkzeug                                      CVE-2019-14322       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23573       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41212       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23574       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29594       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29535       High    
nodejs                                        CVE-2022-24999       High    
sanitize-html                                 CVE-2022-25887       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29553       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41205       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41223       High    
jupyter-server                                CVE-2022-24757       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24675       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-21727       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23560       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-21730       High    
urllib3                                       CVE-2019-11324       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41203       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29598       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29587       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-32189       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29513       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29560       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29583       High    
notebook                                      CVE-2022-24758       High    
async                                         CVE-2021-43138       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29586       High    
nth-check                                     CVE-2021-3803        High    
tensorflow-cpu                                GHSA-43q8-3fv7-pr5x  High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-15206       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23590       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29588       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28362       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-2880        High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2018-8825        High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33198       High    
jinja2                                        CVE-2019-10906       High    
marked                                        CVE-2022-21681       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30631       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29603       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41201       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29597       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-44716       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30580       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-27918       High    
nltk                                          CVE-2021-43854       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33194       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29568       High    
glob-parent                                   CVE-2020-28469       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29546       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29532       High    
terser                                        CVE-2022-25858       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28366       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29592       High    
npm                                           CVE-2022-29244       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29590       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29529       High    
ansi-regex                                    CVE-2021-3807        High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28327       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29576       High    
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29585       High    
url-parse                                     CVE-2022-0639        Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29551       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                GHSA-wcv5-vrvr-3rx2  Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29565       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23588       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29617       Medium  
nbdime                                        CVE-2021-41134       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29562       Medium  
codemirror                                    CVE-2020-7760        Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-29197       Medium  
scikit-learn                                  PRISMA-2021-0037     Medium  
bleach                                        CVE-2020-6816        Medium  
npm                                           CVE-2022-0235        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-41717       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41204       Medium  
url-parse                                     CVE-2021-27515       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29605       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-15211       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41217       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2020-26137       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-21733       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-33197       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29556       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-21739       Medium  
jquery-ui                                     CVE-2021-41184       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-31525       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29542       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-21729       Medium  
rsa                                           CVE-2020-25658       Medium  
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                              CVE-2019-11254       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-41716       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29526       Medium  
jquery-ui                                     CVE-2021-41183       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29528       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29543       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41215       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23580       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29522       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-15210       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-29510       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29615       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29611       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-26268       Medium  
postcss                                       CVE-2021-23368       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41198       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23568       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29531       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29539       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29555       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-15209       Medium  
sqlalchemy                                    PRISMA-2021-0090     Medium  
nodejs                                        CVE-2022-25881       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23584       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41197       Medium  
html5lib                                      CVE-2016-9909        Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29552       Medium  
html5lib                                      CVE-2016-9910        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-14039       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-26266       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29534       Medium  
clean-css                                     PRISMA-2021-0147     Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29564       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29533       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-21735       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-15586       Medium  
click                                         PRISMA-2021-0020     Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29517       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-21725       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23565       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29516       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41200       Medium  
bleach                                        CVE-2021-23980       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29561       Medium  
url-parse                                     CVE-2021-3664        Medium  
jquery-ui                                     PRISMA-2022-0275     Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-24553       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29581       Medium  
mozjs60                                       CVE-2022-46175       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29573       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23564       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-21741       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41195       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23571       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-21738       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-15204       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29548       Medium  
npm                                           CVE-2022-33987       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-21732       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23578       Medium  
d3-color                                      PRISMA-2021-0092     Medium  
sanitize-html                                 CVE-2021-26540       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41199       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-1705        Medium  
python36                                      CVE-2021-27291       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-32148       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-3114        Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29575       Medium  
jquery-ui                                     CVE-2021-41182       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23569       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23570       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23577       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23557       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-15194       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23583       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-21731       Medium  
nbconvert                                     CVE-2021-32862       Medium  
bleach                                        CVE-2020-6802        Medium  
python38-setuptools                           CVE-2020-28493       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23579       Medium  
uglify-js                                     PRISMA-2021-0169     Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2018-7576        Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-41196       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23567       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29527       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-1962        Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29563       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29602       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23575       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29550       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2019-9635        Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-21736       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23589       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23576       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23563       Medium  
follow-redirects                              CVE-2022-0536        Medium  
notebook                                      CVE-2022-29238       Medium  
urllib3                                       CVE-2019-11236       Medium  
notebook                                      CVE-2020-26215       Medium  
ws                                            CVE-2021-32640       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29549       Medium  
minimatch                                     CVE-2022-3517        Medium  
python38-setuptools                           CVE-2021-33503       Medium  
fast-json-patch                               CVE-2021-4279        Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29572       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29554       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29541       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29523       Medium  
python36                                      CVE-2021-20270       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29547       Medium  
semver-regex                                  PRISMA-2022-0190     Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29619       Medium  
sanitize-html                                 CVE-2021-26539       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23585       Medium  
protobuf                                      CVE-2021-22570       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-21737       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-15190       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29604       Medium  
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                              CVE-2021-4235        Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29519       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29524       Medium  
jquery-ui                                     CVE-2022-31160       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2018-21233       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-36221       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23595       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29584       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29538       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29545       Medium  
k8s.io/client-go                              CVE-2020-8565        Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29580       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23572       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23581       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29567       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23582       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29618       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-23586       Medium  
url-parse                                     CVE-2022-0512        Medium  
pip                                           CVE-2019-20916       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-34558       Medium  
mozjs60                                       CVE-2022-37601       Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2022-21734       Medium  
marked                                        PRISMA-2021-0013     Medium  
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2021-29557       Medium  
python38-setuptools                           CVE-2021-3572        Low     
httplib2                                      CVE-2020-11078       Low     
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-26271       Low     
go                                            CVE-2022-30629       Low     
tensorflow-cpu                                CVE-2020-26270       Low     
decode-uri-component                          CVE-2022-38900       Low     
loader-utils                                  CVE-2022-37603       Low     
semver-regex                                  CVE-2021-43307       Low     

=============================
Container Image: nvidia_plugin
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------

=============================
Container Image: opa_gatekeeper
  Critical: 1
  High:     5
  Medium:   10 
  Low:      2

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
github.com/emicklei/go-restful                CVE-2022-1996        Critical
go                                            CVE-2022-32190       High    
openssl                                       CVE-2023-0286        High    
libksba                                       CVE-2022-3515        High    
github.com/open-policy-agent/opa              CVE-2022-33082       High    
github.com/open-policy-agent/opa              CVE-2022-36085       High    
glibc-devel                                   CVE-2023-25139       Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2020-35527       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-4450        Medium  
gnutls28                                      CVE-2022-2509        Medium  
libxml2-devel                                 CVE-2016-3709        Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2022-37434       Medium  
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2022-1304        Medium  
glibc-devel                                   CVE-2023-0687        Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-4304        Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2023-0215        Medium  
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-3219        Low     
sqlite                                        CVE-2020-35525       Low     

=============================
Container Image: prometheus
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------

=============================
Container Image: spark
  Critical: 1
  High:     1
  Medium:   3 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
github.com/emicklei/go-restful                CVE-2022-1996        Critical
openssl                                       CVE-2023-0286        High    
k8s.io/client-go                              CVE-2020-8565        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
cryptography                                  CVE-2023-23931       Medium  

=============================
Container Image: spark_operator
  Critical: 14
  High:     54
  Medium:   120 
  Low:      19

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
org.apache.hadoop_hadoop-hdfs                 CVE-2017-15718       Critical
libsmbclient                                  CVE-2021-44142       Critical
glibc                                         CVE-2022-23219       Critical
org.apache.logging.log4j_log4j-core           CVE-2021-45046       Critical
glibc                                         CVE-2022-23218       Critical
nss-tools                                     CVE-2021-43527       Critical
log4j_log4j                                   CVE-2022-23305       Critical
com.nimbusds_nimbus-jose-jwt                  CVE-2019-17195       Critical
glibc                                         CVE-2021-35942       Critical
com.fasterxml.jackson.core_jackson-databind   CVE-2019-14892       Critical
go                                            CVE-2021-38297       Critical
log4j_log4j                                   CVE-2019-17571       Critical
org.apache.logging.log4j_log4j-core           CVE-2021-44228       Critical
glibc                                         CVE-2021-33574       Critical
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000338     High    
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2021-3712        High    
io.netty_netty-all                            CVE-2016-4970        High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33195       High    
org.apache.commons_commons-compress           CVE-2019-12402       High    
org.apache.hadoop_hadoop-hdfs                 CVE-2018-11767       High    
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-34169       High    
gnutls28                                      CVE-2020-24659       High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2020-13935       High    
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000342     High    
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000340     High    
libsmbclient                                  CVE-2020-25717       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-39293       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28362       High    
dhcp-libs                                     CVE-2021-25217       High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2022-29885       High    
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000343     High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33198       High    
java                                          CVE-2022-21476       High    
cyrus-sasl-lib                                CVE-2022-24407       High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2022-23181       High    
org.apache.hadoop_hadoop-hdfs                 CVE-2018-11766       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28367       High    
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-0778        High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2021-41079       High    
org.apache.accumulo_accumulo-core             CVE-2020-17533       High    
glib2                                         CVE-2021-27219       High    
org.apache.hadoop_hadoop-hdfs                 CVE-2018-1296        High    
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000344     High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2021-25329       High    
grub2-tools-minimal                           CVE-2022-28733       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-27918       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-29923       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33194       High    
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2021-25741       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2020-8625        High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2020-13934       High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2020-9484        High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28366       High    
glibc                                         CVE-2021-3326        High    
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000352     High    
log4j_log4j                                   CVE-2022-23302       High    
org.apache.commons_commons-email              CVE-2017-9801        High    
cups                                          CVE-2022-26691       High    
org.apache.commons_commons-email              CVE-2018-1294        High    
polkit                                        CVE-2021-3560        High    
glibc                                         CVE-2021-3999        High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2021-25122       High    
org.apache.logging.log4j_log4j-core           CVE-2021-45105       High    
systemd-pam                                   CVE-2021-33909       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33196       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2021-25215       High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2020-17527       High    
policykit-1                                   CVE-2021-4034        High    
tiff                                          CVE-2020-35524       Medium  
dhcp-client                                   CVE-2022-2928        Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21299       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2021-23841       Medium  
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2020-8561        Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2021-35564       Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2021-35586       Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2021-35556       Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21248       Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21434       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2020-8285        Medium  
openssl-devel                                 CVE-2022-1292        Medium  
grub2-tools-minimal                           CVE-2021-3696        Medium  
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000345     Medium  
org.apache.logging.log4j_log4j-core           CVE-2021-44832       Medium  
org.hibernate_hibernate-validator             CVE-2019-10219       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-1825        Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2021-35578       Medium  
grub2-tools-minimal                           CVE-2021-3695        Medium  
junit_junit                                   CVE-2020-15250       Medium  
grub2-tools-minimal                           CVE-2022-28734       Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21291       Medium  
libsmbclient                                  CVE-2021-20254       Medium  
libarchive                                    CVE-2017-14502       Medium  
ncurses-libs                                  CVE-2019-17595       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2020-9983        Medium  
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2021-30640       Medium  
ncurses-libs                                  CVE-2019-17594       Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2021-2388        Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-1820        Medium  
jasper-libs                                   CVE-2020-27828       Medium  
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2020-8554        Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21366       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2020-13543       Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21426       Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21443       Medium  
openssl-devel                                 CVE-2022-2068        Medium  
qt5-srpm-macros                               CVE-2021-3481        Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2021-35550       Medium  
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2021-25737       Medium  
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2021-25735       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-3114        Medium  
sqlite3                                       CVE-2020-13434       Medium  
grub2-tools-minimal                           CVE-2021-3697        Medium  
nettle                                        CVE-2021-20305       Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2021-35565       Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21340       Medium  
bind-libs                                     CVE-2021-25219       Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21294       Medium  
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2022-34305       Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2021-25214       Medium  
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2020-8564        Medium  
python                                        CVE-2020-26116       Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21305       Medium  
libsmbclient                                  CVE-2016-2124        Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2020-24977       Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21293       Medium  
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2021-33037       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2021-3177        Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21360       Medium  
grub2-tools-minimal                           CVE-2022-28735       Medium  
c-ares                                        CVE-2021-3672        Medium  
libsmbclient                                  CVE-2021-44141       Medium  
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2020-13943       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2021-23840       Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2021-35561       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-30661       Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2021-2369        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2020-8286        Medium  
cairo                                         CVE-2020-35492       Medium  
libtiff                                       CVE-2020-19131       Medium  
policykit-1                                   CVE-2021-4115        Medium  
dhcp-client                                   CVE-2022-2929        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-33197       Medium  
mokutil                                       CVE-2022-28737       Medium  
org.eclipse.jetty_jetty-io                    CVE-2019-17632       Medium  
jasper-libs                                   CVE-2021-3272        Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2016-10228       Medium  
libx11                                        CVE-2021-31535       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-36221       Medium  
systemd-pam                                   CVE-2020-13776       Medium  
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2021-24122       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2020-27618       Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21496       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-31525       Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21277       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2020-9948        Medium  
cpio                                          CVE-2019-14866       Medium  
libsmbclient                                  CVE-2021-20316       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2019-25013       Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21541       Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21341       Medium  
sqlite3                                       CVE-2020-15358       Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21540       Medium  
spring-core_spring-core                       CVE-2020-5421        Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21296       Medium  
krb5                                          CVE-2020-28196       Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2021-35567       Medium  
jasper-libs                                   CVE-2021-26926       Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21365       Medium  
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000341     Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-1826        Medium  
tiff                                          CVE-2020-35523       Medium  
grub2-tools-minimal                           CVE-2022-28736       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2097        Medium  
glib2.0                                       CVE-2019-13012       Medium  
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000339     Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2021-35603       Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21283       Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2021-35559       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-1817        Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2020-13584       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-34558       Medium  
jasper-libs                                   CVE-2021-26927       Medium  
file-libs                                     CVE-2019-18218       Medium  
libsmbclient                                  CVE-2021-23192       Medium  
openjdk-lts                                   CVE-2022-21282       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2020-9951        Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2019-3842        Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2021-2341        Medium  
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000346     Low     
cups                                          CVE-2020-10001       Low     
bash                                          CVE-2019-18276       Low     
glib2                                         CVE-2020-16125       Low     
openssh                                       CVE-2020-14145       Low     
libjpeg-turbo                                 CVE-2020-17541       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2020-8231        Low     
libtiff                                       CVE-2020-35521       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2019-9169        Low     
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2020-8562        Low     
libdb-utils                                   CVE-2019-2708        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2021-27645       Low     
libtiff                                       CVE-2020-35522       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2020-8284        Low     
openssh                                       CVE-2021-41617       Low     
samba                                         CVE-2021-43566       Low     
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2021-43980       Low     
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2021-25740       Low     
grub2-tools-minimal                           CVE-2021-3981        Low     

