========================================
HPE Ezmeral Runtime Enterprise
CVE Fixed Report for 5.5.1
Total # of components: 20
 Total # of Critical: 12
 Total # of High: 150
 Total # of Medium: 330
 Total # of Low: 219
=============================================================
Component             Crit High Med  Low
--------------------- ---- ---- ---- ----
airflow                  6   57  184  126
argo                     1   17   13   11
datafabric               0    5   11   10
falco                    0    0    0    0
hpecp_agent              0    0    0    4
hpecp_monitoring         0    0    0    0
hpecp_nvidiagpubeat      0    0    0    0
hpecp_serviceaccounts    2   30   21    1
istio                    0    0    1    0
k8s                      0    0    1    5
kubedirector             0    1    2    4
kubeflow                 3   20   60   49
kubernetes_dashboard     0    0    0    0
kube_state_metrics       0    0    0    0
metrics_server           0    0    0    0
mlops                    0    1   20    0
nvidia_plugin            0    0    1    1
opa_gatekeeper           0    9    6    0
spark                    0    1    0    0
spark_operator           0    9   10    8



============ DETAILS =========================

=============================
Container Image: airflow
  Critical: 6
  High:     57
  Medium:   184 
  Low:      126

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2017-5461        Critical
org.yaml_snakeyaml                            CVE-2022-1471        Critical
python                                        CVE-2016-5636        Critical
glibc                                         CVE-2021-33574       Critical
postgres                                      CVE-2018-1115        Critical
python                                        CVE-2016-0718        Critical
bind-license                                  CVE-2017-3143        High    
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-17498       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2016-2776        High    
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-0778        High    
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-40604       High    
cyrus-sasl-lib                                CVE-2022-24407       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2020-8617        High    
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-3856        High    
dracut                                        CVE-2017-5715        High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2020-8616        High    
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2017-7805        High    
python                                        CVE-2016-2183        High    
systemd                                       CVE-2018-16865       High    
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-40127       High    
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-3855        High    
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-3863        High    
yum-plugin-ovl                                CVE-2018-10897       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2020-8625        High    
wheel                                         CVE-2022-40898       High    
org.yaml_snakeyaml                            CVE-2022-25857       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2016-8864        High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2021-25215       High    
expat                                         CVE-2022-25235       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2016-9444        High    
jupyter-core                                  CVE-2022-39286       High    
nss-tools                                     CVE-2021-43527       High    
mysql-connector-python                        CVE-2021-3711        High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2017-3145        High    
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-13115       High    
glibc-common                                  CVE-2017-1000366     High    
openssl                                       CVE-2022-3602        High    
go                                            CVE-2020-16845       High    
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-3857        High    
mako                                          CVE-2022-40023       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2016-9131        High    
systemd                                       CVE-2018-16864       High    
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2020-1971        High    
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2017-7502        High    
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-6304        High    
bind9                                         CVE-2022-3080        High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2019-12735       High    
openssl                                       CVE-2022-3786        High    
sudo                                          CVE-2022-43995       High    
systemd                                       CVE-2021-33910       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2018-5743        High    
gcc-8                                         CVE-2018-12886       High    
bind9                                         CVE-2022-38177       High    
rpcbind                                       CVE-2017-8779        High    
bind9                                         CVE-2022-38178       High    
postgres                                      CVE-2018-1058        High    
nghttp2                                       CVE-2020-11080       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2016-9147        High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2018-5740        High    
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-41672       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2017-3137        High    
expat                                         CVE-2022-25236       High    
python3.7                                     CVE-2022-37454       High    
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2020-12402       Medium  
python3-libxml2                               CVE-2016-5131        Medium  
krb5                                          CVE-2016-3119        Medium  
python                                        CVE-2019-20907       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2021-23841       Medium  
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-3858        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27774       Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2020-12400       Medium  
libxml2-python                                CVE-2015-8035        Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-2179        Medium  
wheel                                         PRISMA-2022-0404     Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2021-22946       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2015-9381        Medium  
procps                                        CVE-2018-1122        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2018-16842       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2016-10739       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2019-1559        Medium  
python                                        CVE-2019-16056       Medium  
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-3861        Medium  
dbus                                          CVE-2019-12749       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2018-1049        Medium  
shared-mime-info                              CVE-2019-3820        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2016-5419        Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2020-8623        Medium  
openldap                                      CVE-2020-12243       Medium  
openldap                                      CVE-2017-9287        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22824       Medium  
cpio                                          CVE-2019-14866       Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2018-5742        Medium  
rpm-build-libs                                CVE-2021-20271       Medium  
procps                                        CVE-2018-1124        Medium  
libgcrypt20                                   CVE-2019-13627       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2020-26137       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2018-14036       Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2017-3135        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-22576       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2018-6485        Medium  
krb5                                          CVE-2018-20217       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2021-22924       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-23990       Medium  
nss-tools                                     CVE-2020-12399       Medium  
xz                                            CVE-2022-1271        Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2020-12401       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2019-14822       Medium  
openldap                                      CVE-2022-29155       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-2181        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2019-5482        Medium  
org.yaml_snakeyaml                            CVE-2022-38750       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2017-3731        Medium  
org.yaml_snakeyaml                            CVE-2022-38751       Medium  
libtasn1                                      CVE-2015-3622        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2019-5436        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2016-7167        Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2020-12403       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2015-9382        Medium  
binutils                                      CVE-2022-4285        Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2017-15670       Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2020-8622        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-23852       Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2021-25214       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2018-4204        Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2021-4160        Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2018-15688       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2017-3737        Medium  
oauthlib                                      CVE-2022-36087       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-2182        Medium  
sqlite3                                       CVE-2019-13734       Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2018-25032       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2018-0739        Medium  
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2019-5188        Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2016-1248        Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2018-5741        Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2018-1000001     Medium  
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2019-5094        Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2020-8624        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2018-1000301     Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2015-8778        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2020-8177        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22827       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2020-26116       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2020-29573       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2017-16997       Medium  
python3-libxml2                               CVE-2017-15412       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2021-22947       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2018-20852       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2018-16866       Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2017-3136        Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2018-11713       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2018-14618       Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2019-6477        Medium  
libxml2-python                                CVE-2018-14567       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2015-2716        Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2015-8779        Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2019-11745       Medium  
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2016-7795        Medium  
libgcrypt                                     CVE-2016-6313        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-25314       Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2019-11756       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2018-4200        Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2017-3142        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22822       Medium  
openldap                                      CVE-2020-25709       Medium  
krb5-libs                                     CVE-2017-7562        Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2019-11719       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2020-1751        Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2019-11729       Medium  
bash                                          CVE-2016-0634        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-29510       Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2016-2834        Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2017-15804       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2018-15686       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2015-8983        Medium  
snowflake-connector-python                    CVE-2022-42965       Medium  
nss-tools                                     CVE-2015-2808        Medium  
procps                                        CVE-2018-1126        Medium  
python                                        CVE-2019-9740        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2017-1000257     Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-15586       Medium  
openldap                                      CVE-2020-25692       Medium  
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-43985       Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2020-6829        Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2015-8776        Medium  
python                                        CVE-2021-3177        Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-8610        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-25315       Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2016-2775        Medium  
pyspark                                       CVE-2022-31777       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-27219       Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2019-17006       Medium  
bind9                                         CVE-2021-25220       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27782       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2019-15903       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2018-11236       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2015-7552        Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-6302        Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2018-11237       Medium  
krb5                                          CVE-2016-3120        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22825       Medium  
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-45402       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2018-14647       Medium  
krb5                                          CVE-2017-11368       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22826       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-2178        Medium  
krb5-libs                                     CVE-2021-37750       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2019-9948        Medium  
python3-libxml2                               CVE-2016-4658        Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2017-2862        Medium  
gnupg                                         CVE-2018-12020       Medium  
dpkg                                          CVE-2022-1664        Medium  
glib2.0                                       CVE-2019-12450       Medium  
libssh2                                       CVE-2019-3862        Medium  
org.yaml_snakeyaml                            CVE-2022-38749       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2018-11712       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2018-1000120     Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2018-12910       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22823       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-24553       Medium  
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-40754       Medium  
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-43982       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2018-1000122     Medium  
python                                        CVE-2019-9636        Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2019-17007       Medium  
libblkid                                      CVE-2017-2616        Medium  
bash                                          CVE-2016-7543        Medium  
python                                        CVE-2019-9947        Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-7056        Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2021-3997        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2021-46143       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2018-1000007     Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2018-4121        Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2016-8635        Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2018-12404       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2016-10228       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-14039       Medium  
openldap                                      CVE-2020-25710       Medium  
krb5                                          CVE-2021-36222       Medium  
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2016-5285        Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2019-6454        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-25313       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2019-10160       Medium  
dbus                                          CVE-2020-12049       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2021-3712        Medium  
libxml2-python                                CVE-2018-14404       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2017-3736        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2021-22898       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-7208        Low     
gnutls28                                      CVE-2021-4209        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-10372       Low     
glib2                                         CVE-2018-10768       Low     
openssl                                       CVE-2022-3358        Low     
elfutils-libs                                 CVE-2019-7665        Low     
libtasn1                                      CVE-2015-2806        Low     
sqlite3                                       CVE-2021-45346       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2021-27645       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3278        Low     
openssl                                       CVE-2018-0495        Low     
gnupg2                                        CVE-2019-14855       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-1000876     Low     
systemd                                       CVE-2018-16888       Low     
gmp                                           CVE-2021-43618       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2018-1000121     Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3297        Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-39403       Low     
python                                        CVE-2019-16935       Low     
python                                        CVE-2018-1060        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3491        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2017-12132       Low     
elfutils-libs                                 CVE-2019-7664        Low     
glibc-common                                  CVE-2015-8777        Low     
util-linux                                    CVE-2016-5011        Low     
krb5                                          CVE-2018-5729        Low     
glib2                                         CVE-2017-18267       Low     
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-2180        Low     
openssl                                       CVE-2018-5407        Low     
glib2                                         CVE-2018-10733       Low     
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-6306        Low     
curl                                          CVE-2022-27776       Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-4141        Low     
krb5                                          CVE-2018-5730        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38128       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3296        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2021-35942       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-10534       Low     
bind-license                                  CVE-2018-5745        Low     
openssl                                       CVE-2018-0732        Low     
systemd                                       CVE-2019-3843        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2019-17450       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-7642        Low     
libtirpc                                      CVE-2018-14622       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2015-8984        Low     
systemd                                       CVE-2019-3844        Low     
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2017-3738        Low     
elfutils-libs                                 CVE-2018-18310       Low     
elfutils-libs                                 CVE-2018-16062       Low     
glibc-common                                  CVE-2015-5180        Low     
elfutils-libs                                 CVE-2018-16403       Low     
systemd                                       CVE-2019-20386       Low     
elfutils-libs                                 CVE-2018-18521       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-10535       Low     
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2018-12384       Low     
lz4                                           CVE-2019-17543       Low     
bash                                          CVE-2016-9401        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-4293        Low     
shadow                                        CVE-2018-7169        Low     
curl                                          CVE-2016-5420        Low     
libxml2-python                                CVE-2020-7595        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-13033       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2015-8982        Low     
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2016-2177        Low     
curl                                          CVE-2016-7141        Low     
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2019-11727       Low     
glib2                                         CVE-2018-13988       Low     
python3-libxml2                               CVE-2017-18258       Low     
glib2                                         CVE-2018-5818        Low     
pcre3                                         CVE-2020-14155       Low     
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2019-3815        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3324        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3705        Low     
libgcc                                        CVE-2017-11671       Low     
openssl                                       CVE-2018-0737        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-10373       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2020-6096        Low     
pcre2                                         CVE-2019-20454       Low     
expat                                         CVE-2018-20843       Low     
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2018-0735        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38127       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-7643        Low     
nss-sysinit                                   CVE-2019-17023       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2020-27618       Low     
python                                        CVE-2018-1061        Low     
libxml2-python                                CVE-2019-20388       Low     
bind-license                                  CVE-2019-6465        Low     
elfutils-libs                                 CVE-2018-16402       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-12641       Low     
elfutils-libs                                 CVE-2019-7150        Low     
coreutils                                     CVE-2015-4041        Low     
nss-tools                                     CVE-2020-25648       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2020-1752        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-12697       Low     
glib2                                         CVE-2018-5819        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-7569        Low     
expat                                         CVE-2021-45960       Low     
gcc-8                                         CVE-2019-15847       Low     
coreutils                                     CVE-2015-4042        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2022-23218       Low     
openssl                                       CVE-2018-0734        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-7568        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2018-8945        Low     
glibc-common                                  CVE-2016-3075        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38126       Low     
glib2                                         CVE-2018-10767       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2020-10029       Low     
python                                        CVE-2019-5010        Low     
libxml2-python                                CVE-2019-19956       Low     
elfutils-libs                                 CVE-2019-7149        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2021-3326        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-4292        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2022-23219       Low     
elfutils-libs                                 CVE-2018-18520       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2022-27781       Low     
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2021-23840       Low     
file-libs                                     CVE-2018-10360       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2015-8985        Low     
bind9                                         CVE-2022-2795        Low     
bash                                          CVE-2019-9924        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2019-19126       Low     
setup                                         CVE-2018-1113        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2019-25013       Low     
libidn2                                       CVE-2019-12290       Low     
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2017-3735        Low     

=============================
Container Image: argo
  Critical: 1
  High:     17
  Medium:   13 
  Low:      11

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
pyyaml                                        CVE-2020-14343       Critical
go                                            CVE-2021-33196       High    
wheel                                         CVE-2022-40898       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-27918       High    
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2021-43816       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28367       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33194       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28362       High    
busybox                                       CVE-2022-28391       High    
urllib3                                       CVE-2021-33503       High    
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-0778        High    
github.com/russellhaering/goxmldsig           CVE-2020-7711        High    
pip                                           PRISMA-2022-0168     High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28366       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33198       High    
npm                                           CVE-2021-43616       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33195       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28851       High    
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2020-8561        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-29510       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-3114        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-31525       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2021-4160        Medium  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                CVE-2021-43784       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-33197       Medium  
wheel                                         PRISMA-2022-0404     Medium  
busybox                                       CVE-2021-42376       Medium  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                CVE-2022-29162       Medium  
rsa                                           CVE-2020-25658       Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2018-25032       Medium  
github.com/docker/cli                         CVE-2021-41092       Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3297        Low     
pip                                           CVE-2021-3572        Low     
github.com/containerd/containerd              GHSA-5j5w-g665-5m35  Low     
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec          GHSA-77vh-xpmg-72qh  Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38126       Low     
libx11                                        CVE-2022-3554        Low     
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2021-25740       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38128       Low     
libx11                                        CVE-2022-3555        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38127       Low     
busybox                                       ALPINE-13661         Low     

=============================
Container Image: datafabric
  Critical: 0
  High:     5
  Medium:   11 
  Low:      10

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
iproute2                                      CVE-2022-3529        High    
iproute2                                      CVE-2022-3527        High    
iproute2                                      CVE-2022-3530        High    
iproute2                                      CVE-2022-3528        High    
npm                                           CVE-2021-43616       High    
sqlite3                                       CVE-2021-20223       Medium  
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-29404       Medium  
nodejs                                        CVE-2022-35256       Medium  
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-30522       Medium  
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-22721       Medium  
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-23943       Medium  
nss                                           CVE-2022-3479        Medium  
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-26377       Medium  
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-31813       Medium  
iproute2                                      CVE-2022-3593        Medium  
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-22719       Medium  
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-28614       Low     
sqlite3                                       CVE-2021-45346       Low     
libx11                                        CVE-2022-3554        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38126       Low     
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-30556       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38128       Low     
yargs-parser                                  CVE-2020-7608        Low     
libx11                                        CVE-2022-3555        Low     
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-28615       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38127       Low     

=============================
Container Image: falco
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------

=============================
Container Image: hpecp_agent
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      4

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38127       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3278        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38128       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38126       Low     

=============================
Container Image: hpecp_monitoring
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------

=============================
Container Image: hpecp_nvidiagpubeat
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------

=============================
Container Image: hpecp_serviceaccounts
  Critical: 2
  High:     30
  Medium:   21 
  Low:      1

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
go                                            CVE-2022-23806       Critical
go                                            CVE-2021-38297       Critical
go                                            CVE-2022-32189       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33196       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30632       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30635       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30630       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-27918       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24675       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23772       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28367       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30580       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28362       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33194       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30633       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-2880        High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28131       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24921       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41772       High    
rsyslog                                       CVE-2022-41715       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-29923       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28327       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-44716       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28366       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-39293       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33198       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30631       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33195       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-27664       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23773       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41771       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-2879        High    
go                                            CVE-2022-32148       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32208       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-36221       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-2526        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-34558       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-1292        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-3114        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-31525       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-41717       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2068        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-33197       Medium  
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-34903       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-1962        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-41716       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2097        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23471       Medium  
pcre2                                         CVE-2022-1586        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32206       Medium  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                  PRISMA-2022-0270     Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-1705        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-30629       Low     

=============================
Container Image: istio
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   1 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
sqlite3                                       CVE-2021-20223       Medium  

=============================
Container Image: k8s
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   1 
  Low:      5

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
nss                                           CVE-2022-3479        Medium  
libx11                                        CVE-2022-3555        Low     
libx11                                        CVE-2022-3554        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38126       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38127       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38128       Low     

=============================
Container Image: kubedirector
  Critical: 0
  High:     1
  Medium:   2 
  Low:      4

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
node                                          CVE-2021-43803       High    
libnl3                                        CVE-2022-20385       Medium  
nodejs                                        CVE-2022-35256       Medium  
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38126       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38127       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3278        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38128       Low     

=============================
Container Image: kubeflow
  Critical: 3
  High:     20
  Medium:   60 
  Low:      49

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
jison                                         CVE-2020-8178        Critical
chart.js                                      CVE-2020-7746        Critical
github.com/nats-io/jwt                        GHSA-62mh-w5cv-p88c  Critical
iproute2                                      CVE-2022-3529        High    
postgresql-11                                 CVE-2021-23214       High    
protobufjs                                    CVE-2022-25878       High    
openexr                                       CVE-2021-20298       High    
iproute2                                      CVE-2022-3530        High    
djvulibre                                     CVE-2019-18804       High    
bluez                                         CVE-2020-27153       High    
openexr                                       CVE-2021-20299       High    
nginx                                         CVE-2022-3638        High    
bluez                                         CVE-2019-8922        High    
djvulibre                                     CVE-2021-3500        High    
iproute2                                      CVE-2022-3528        High    
djvulibre                                     CVE-2021-32491       High    
github.com/russellhaering/goxmldsig           CVE-2020-7711        High    
djvulibre                                     CVE-2021-32492       High    
djvulibre                                     CVE-2021-32493       High    
iproute2                                      CVE-2022-3527        High    
djvulibre                                     CVE-2021-32490       High    
libxslt                                       CVE-2019-5815        High    
path-parse                                    CVE-2021-23343       High    
bluez                                         CVE-2022-3637        Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21594       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21604       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-3478        Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-39410       Medium  
unbound                                       CVE-2022-3204        Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2020-16589       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21633       Medium  
go.etcd.io/etcd                               CVE-2018-1099        Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-3479        Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21592       Medium  
mariadb-10.3                                  CVE-2022-21427       Medium  
djvulibre                                     CVE-2021-3630        Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21632       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-20300       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21599       Medium  
unbound                                       CVE-2022-30699       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2020-16588       Medium  
djvulibre                                     CVE-2019-15145       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21625       Medium  
mariadb-10.3                                  CVE-2021-2389        Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-20302       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21617       Medium  
bluez                                         CVE-2020-26558       Medium  
bluez                                         CVE-2021-0129        Medium  
libnl3                                        CVE-2022-20385       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21638       Medium  
mariadb-10.3                                  CVE-2021-46658       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21640       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21611       Medium  
mariadb-10.3                                  CVE-2021-46657       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-3475        Medium  
sqlite3                                       CVE-2021-20223       Medium  
util-linux                                    CVE-2022-0563        Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-39400       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21637       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-39408       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-3476        Medium  
mariadb-10.3                                  CVE-2021-46666       Medium  
postgresql-11                                 CVE-2021-23222       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-20296       Medium  
unbound                                       CVE-2022-30698       Medium  
mariadb-10.3                                  CVE-2021-2372        Medium  
github.com/coredns/coredns                    GHSA-gv9j-4w24-q7vx  Medium  
djvulibre                                     CVE-2019-15144       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-20303       Medium  
tiff                                          CVE-2020-19143       Medium  
djvulibre                                     CVE-2019-15143       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21635       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2020-16587       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-3477        Medium  
gunicorn                                      PRISMA-2021-0072     Medium  
djvulibre                                     CVE-2019-15142       Medium  
bluez                                         CVE-2019-8921        Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21608       Medium  
openexr                                       CVE-2021-3474        Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21641       Medium  
iproute2                                      CVE-2022-3593        Medium  
go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver                   CVE-2021-20329       Medium  
postgresql-11                                 CVE-2021-3677        Medium  
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27771       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27751       Low     
openjpeg2                                     CVE-2019-12973       Low     
iproute2                                      CVE-2019-20795       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2021-20176       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38126       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38128       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27768       Low     
bluez                                         CVE-2018-10910       Low     
sqlite3                                       CVE-2021-45346       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27775       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27756       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-19667       Low     
libx11                                        CVE-2022-3554        Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27765       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-25665       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38127       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27761       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27770       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27754       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27767       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27773       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27560       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27759       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27764       Low     
libheif                                       CVE-2020-19499       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27760       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3297        Low     
unbound                                       CVE-2020-28935       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2021-3596        Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27757       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27772       Low     
bluez                                         CVE-2022-3563        Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27750       Low     
libx11                                        CVE-2022-3555        Low     
libheif                                       CVE-2020-19498       Low     
libxdmcp                                      CVE-2017-2625        Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-25676       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27769       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-25675       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-10251       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-25674       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27758       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-25666       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27774       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27766       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27762       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27776       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27763       Low     

=============================
Container Image: kubernetes_dashboard
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------

=============================
Container Image: kube_state_metrics
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------

=============================
Container Image: metrics_server
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------

=============================
Container Image: mlops
  Critical: 0
  High:     1
  Medium:   20 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
node                                          CVE-2021-43803       High    
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21599       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21594       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21625       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21635       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21604       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-39400       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21617       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21637       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-39410       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-39408       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21605       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21607       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21633       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21638       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21608       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21641       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21592       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21640       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21611       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21632       Medium  

=============================
Container Image: nvidia_plugin
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   1 
  Low:      1

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
sqlite3                                       CVE-2021-20223       Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3278        Low     

=============================
Container Image: opa_gatekeeper
  Critical: 0
  High:     9
  Medium:   6 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
go                                            CVE-2022-32189       High    
github.com/open-policy-agent/opa              CVE-2022-36085       High    
libksba                                       CVE-2022-3515        High    
github.com/open-policy-agent/opa              CVE-2022-33082       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-2880        High    
rsyslog                                       CVE-2022-41715       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-27664       High    
rsyslog                                       CVE-2022-32190       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-2879        High    
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2022-1304        Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2016-3709        Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2020-35525       Medium  
gnutls28                                      CVE-2022-2509        Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2020-35527       Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2022-37434       Medium  

=============================
Container Image: spark
  Critical: 0
  High:     1
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
node                                          CVE-2021-43803       High    

=============================
Container Image: spark_operator
  Critical: 0
  High:     9
  Medium:   10 
  Low:      8

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
go                                            CVE-2021-33196       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-27918       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28367       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28362       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33194       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28366       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33198       High    
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2021-25741       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33195       High    
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2020-8561        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-36221       Medium  
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2021-25735       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-34558       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-3114        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-31525       Medium  
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2020-8554        Medium  
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2021-25737       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-33197       Medium  
nss                                           CVE-2022-3479        Medium  
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2020-8562        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3297        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38126       Low     
libx11                                        CVE-2022-3554        Low     
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2021-25740       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38128       Low     
libx11                                        CVE-2022-3555        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38127       Low     

