========================================
HPE Ezmeral Runtime Enterprise
CVE Fixed Report for 5.5.0
Total # of components: 18
 Total # of Critical: 28
 Total # of High: 228
 Total # of Medium: 498
 Total # of Low: 189
=============================================================
Component             Crit High Med  Low
--------------------- ---- ---- ---- ----
airflow                  4   20   61   40
argo                     0    3    5    1
falco                    0    1   13    2
hpecp_agent              0    2    7    2
hpecp_monitoring         0   19   47   34
hpecp_nvidiagpubeat      0   11   45   33
hpecp_serviceaccounts    0    0    2    0
istio                    1   14   21    4
k8s                      0    2    4    1
kubedirector             4   11   29    9
kubeflow                13   38  120   46
kubernetes_dashboard     2   26   21    1
kube_state_metrics       1   17   30    2
metrics_server           1   14   25    2
nvidia_plugin            0    2   23    7
opa_gatekeeper           2   25   21    1
picasso                  0   18   13    2
spark_operator           0    5   11    2



============ DETAILS =========================

=============================
Container Image: airflow
  Critical: 4
  High:     20
  Medium:   61 
  Low:      40

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
flask-caching                                 CVE-2021-33026       Critical
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-38054       Critical
httpx                                         CVE-2021-41945       Critical
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-40189       Critical
pyjwt                                         CVE-2022-29217       High    
vim                                           CVE-2022-2816        High    
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-38649       High    
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3352        High    
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-41131       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2285        High    
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-27949       High    
lxml                                          CVE-2022-2309        High    
vim                                           CVE-2022-2862        High    
vim                                           CVE-2022-2580        High    
vim                                           CVE-2022-2000        High    
vim                                           CVE-2022-2817        High    
npm                                           CVE-2021-44531       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3099        High    
vim                                           CVE-2022-2889        High    
flower                                        CVE-2022-30034       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2288        High    
vim                                           CVE-2022-3134        High    
vim                                           CVE-2022-2982        High    
mysql-connector-python                        CVE-2022-21824       High    
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
git                                           CVE-2021-21300       Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2946        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0572        Medium  
lua                                           CVE-2022-33099       Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0361        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23471       Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1785        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0714        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1616        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0417        Medium  
numpy                                         CVE-2021-34141       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2021-23336       Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0359        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0368        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1968        Medium  
libtirpc                                      CVE-2021-46828       Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0685        Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-1897        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-2598        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1621        Medium  
git                                           CVE-2021-40330       Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1619        Medium  
npm                                           CVE-2021-44533       Medium  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                  PRISMA-2022-0270     Medium  
npm                                           CVE-2021-44532       Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0351        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1420        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2021-4069        Medium  
sqlite3                                       CVE-2021-20223       Medium  
sqlalchemy                                    PRISMA-2021-0090     Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1851        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0392        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2021-4193        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0213        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0318        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-2304        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2021-4019        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2021-3928        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0408        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0261        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1942        Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2021-3872        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0696        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2021-4192        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2021-4166        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0943        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1154        Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0413        Medium  
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-38170       Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0319        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2021-3984        Medium  
apache-airflow                                CVE-2022-40954       Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2021-3927        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1720        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-2571        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0629        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-0554        Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2923        Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2017-16932       Low     
sudo                                          CVE-2021-23239       Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-0407        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2021-3968        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-0729        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2021-3973        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2023-0054        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2207        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2021-3903        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2522        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-0156        Low     
sqlite3                                       CVE-2020-13631       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2126        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2124        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2206        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-0443        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2286        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3256        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2129        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2284        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3235        Low     
sqlite3                                       CVE-2019-19603       Low     
python                                        CVE-2020-8492        Low     
sqlite3                                       CVE-2019-19645       Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3037        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-0393        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3591        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3234        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-0158        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-1381        Low     
tar                                           CVE-2019-9923        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3520        Low     
sqlite3                                       CVE-2019-19924       Low     
libxml2                                       CVE-2016-9318        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-1898        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2021-3974        Low     
flask-appbuilder                              CVE-2022-31177       Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2289        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2819        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2125        Low     

=============================
Container Image: argo
  Critical: 0
  High:     3
  Medium:   5 
  Low:      1

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
nodejs                                        CVE-2022-29244       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3099        High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2288        High    
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
libtirpc                                      CVE-2021-46828       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                  PRISMA-2022-0270     Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2231        Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2289        Low     

=============================
Container Image: falco
  Critical: 0
  High:     1
  Medium:   13 
  Low:      2

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
python3.7                                     CVE-2022-37454       High    
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23471       Medium  
python3-libs                                  CVE-2022-45061       Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32206       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-40674       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32208       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-43680       Medium  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                  PRISMA-2022-0270     Medium  
platform-python                               CVE-2022-0391        Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-2526        Medium  
python36                                      CVE-2020-10735       Medium  
platform-python                               CVE-2015-20107       Low     
platform-python                               CVE-2022-42919       Low     

=============================
Container Image: hpecp_agent
  Critical: 0
  High:     2
  Medium:   7 
  Low:      2

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3099        High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2288        High    
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23471       Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                  PRISMA-2022-0270     Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2231        Medium  
lua                                           CVE-2022-33099       Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2022-3209        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2289        Low     

=============================
Container Image: hpecp_monitoring
  Critical: 0
  High:     19
  Medium:   47 
  Low:      34

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
go                                            CVE-2021-33196       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2285        High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28366       High    
bind9                                         CVE-2022-38178       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28367       High    
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-0778        High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33198       High    
expat                                         CVE-2022-25235       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33194       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3099        High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33195       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-27918       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-7919        High    
expat                                         CVE-2022-25236       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28362       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2288        High    
bind9                                         CVE-2022-38177       High    
python3.7                                     CVE-2022-37454       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-16845       High    
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-31525       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-25315       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2068        Medium  
lua                                           CVE-2022-33099       Medium  
bind9                                         CVE-2021-25220       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2021-22946       Medium  
binutils                                      CVE-2022-4285        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23471       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-23852       Medium  
platform-python                               CVE-2022-0391        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32208       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22825       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-2526        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22826       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22822       Medium  
libtirpc                                      CVE-2021-46828       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-43680       Medium  
python3-libs                                  CVE-2022-45061       Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2018-25032       Medium  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                  PRISMA-2022-0270     Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-29510       Medium  
python36                                      CVE-2020-10735       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-3114        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22823       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22824       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-24553       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2097        Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2015-8983        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22827       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2020-26116       Medium  
setuptools                                    CVE-2022-40897       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2021-46143       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2020-26137       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-40674       Medium  
nss-tools                                     CVE-2015-2808        Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-1292        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-15586       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-14039       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-33197       Medium  
nss-tools                                     CVE-2020-12399       Medium  
xz                                            CVE-2022-1271        Medium  
pcre2                                         CVE-2022-1586        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32206       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2021-3177        Medium  
libsepol                                      CVE-2021-36084       Low     
platform-python                               CVE-2022-42919       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38126       Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-4141        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38128       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3296        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2207        Low     
libsepol                                      CVE-2021-36086       Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3324        Low     
libsepol                                      CVE-2021-36087       Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3705        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2206        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3278        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-4292        Low     
libsepol                                      CVE-2021-36085       Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2286        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2019-17450       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2015-8984        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38127       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2015-8985        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3297        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2284        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3235        Low     
bind9                                         CVE-2022-2795        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3037        Low     
platform-python                               CVE-2015-20107       Low     
coreutils                                     CVE-2015-4041        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3234        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-4293        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3491        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2015-8982        Low     
expat                                         CVE-2021-45960       Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2289        Low     
coreutils                                     CVE-2015-4042        Low     

=============================
Container Image: hpecp_nvidiagpubeat
  Critical: 0
  High:     11
  Medium:   45 
  Low:      33

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2285        High    
bind9                                         CVE-2022-38178       High    
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-0778        High    
expat                                         CVE-2022-25235       High    
cyrus-sasl-lib                                CVE-2022-24407       High    
nss-tools                                     CVE-2021-43527       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3099        High    
expat                                         CVE-2022-25236       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2288        High    
bind9                                         CVE-2022-38177       High    
python3.7                                     CVE-2022-37454       High    
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2021-23841       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-25315       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2068        Medium  
lua                                           CVE-2022-33099       Medium  
bind9                                         CVE-2021-25220       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2021-22946       Medium  
binutils                                      CVE-2022-4285        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23471       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-23852       Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2021-25214       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32208       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22825       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-2526        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22826       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22822       Medium  
krb5-libs                                     CVE-2021-37750       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-43680       Medium  
openldap                                      CVE-2020-25709       Medium  
python3-libs                                  CVE-2022-45061       Medium  
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-34903       Medium  
python3-libxml2                               CVE-2016-4658        Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2018-25032       Medium  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                  PRISMA-2022-0270     Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22823       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22824       Medium  
rpm-build-libs                                CVE-2021-20271       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2097        Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2015-8983        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-22827       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2020-26116       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2021-46143       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2020-26137       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-40674       Medium  
nss-tools                                     CVE-2015-2808        Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-1292        Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  
openldap                                      CVE-2020-25710       Medium  
nss-tools                                     CVE-2020-12399       Medium  
xz                                            CVE-2022-1271        Medium  
pcre2                                         CVE-2022-1586        Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2021-3712        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32206       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2021-3177        Medium  
libsepol                                      CVE-2021-36084       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38126       Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-4141        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38128       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3296        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2207        Low     
libsepol                                      CVE-2021-36086       Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3324        Low     
libsepol                                      CVE-2021-36087       Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3705        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2206        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3278        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-4292        Low     
libsepol                                      CVE-2021-36085       Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2286        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2019-17450       Low     
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2021-23840       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2015-8984        Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2022-38127       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2015-8985        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3297        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2284        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3235        Low     
bind9                                         CVE-2022-2795        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3037        Low     
coreutils                                     CVE-2015-4041        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3234        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-4293        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3491        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2015-8982        Low     
expat                                         CVE-2021-45960       Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2289        Low     
coreutils                                     CVE-2015-4042        Low     

=============================
Container Image: hpecp_serviceaccounts
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   2 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  

=============================
Container Image: istio
  Critical: 1
  High:     14
  Medium:   21 
  Low:      4

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
go                                            CVE-2021-38297       Critical
go                                            CVE-2021-33196       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-27918       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28367       High    
rsyslog                                       CVE-2022-32190       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28362       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33194       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41772       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-29923       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28366       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33198       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-39293       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33195       High    
python3.7                                     CVE-2022-37454       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41771       High    
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
sqlite3                                       CVE-2020-9794        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-40674       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-36221       Medium  
bootstrap                                     CVE-2018-14040       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-2526        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-34558       Medium  
python36                                      CVE-2020-10735       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-3114        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-31525       Medium  
libtirpc                                      CVE-2021-46828       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-43680       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-33197       Medium  
python3-libs                                  CVE-2022-45061       Medium  
busybox                                       CVE-2021-42376       Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23471       Medium  
github.com/grafana/loki                       CVE-2021-36156       Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
setuptools                                    CVE-2022-40897       Medium  
platform-python                               CVE-2022-0391        Medium  
platform-python                               CVE-2022-42919       Low     
sqlite3                                       CVE-2020-9991        Low     
sqlite3                                       CVE-2020-9849        Low     
platform-python                               CVE-2015-20107       Low     

=============================
Container Image: k8s
  Critical: 0
  High:     2
  Medium:   4 
  Low:      1

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2288        High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3099        High    
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2231        Medium  
lua                                           CVE-2022-33099       Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2289        Low     

=============================
Container Image: kubedirector
  Critical: 4
  High:     11
  Medium:   29 
  Low:      9

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
libsmbclient-devel                            CVE-2021-44142       Critical
github.com/Masterminds/vcs                    CVE-2022-21235       Critical
pyyaml                                        CVE-2017-18342       Critical
github.com/nats-io/jwt                        GHSA-62mh-w5cv-p88c  Critical
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2021-43816       High    
libsss_certmap                                CVE-2021-3621        High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2288        High    
github.com/tidwall/gjson                      CVE-2021-42836       High    
nss-tools                                     CVE-2021-43527       High    
github.com/tidwall/gjson                      CVE-2021-42248       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3099        High    
libsmbclient-devel                            CVE-2020-25717       High    
github.com/opencontainers/runc                CVE-2021-30465       High    
sqlparse                                      CVE-2021-32839       High    
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23648       High    
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2021-41103       Medium  
sqlite3                                       CVE-2020-9794        Medium  
nodejs-nodemon                                CVE-2022-32215       Medium  
bootstrap                                     CVE-2018-14040       Medium  
mokutil                                       CVE-2022-28737       Medium  
nodejs-nodemon                                CVE-2022-32213       Medium  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                CVE-2021-43784       Medium  
nodejs-nodemon                                CVE-2022-32214       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2021-23841       Medium  
libtirpc                                      CVE-2021-46828       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21595       Medium  
lua                                           CVE-2022-33099       Medium  
libgcrypt                                     CVE-2021-40528       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-27219       Medium  
libsmbclient-devel                            CVE-2016-2124        Medium  
python3-libxml2                               CVE-2016-4658        Medium  
rpm-build-libs                                CVE-2021-20271       Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2231        Medium  
go.etcd.io/etcd                               CVE-2018-1099        Medium  
nodejs-nodemon                                CVE-2022-32212       Medium  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                CVE-2022-29162       Medium  
pcre2                                         CVE-2022-1586        Medium  
github.com/coredns/coredns                    GHSA-gv9j-4w24-q7vx  Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21589       Medium  
github.com/docker/cli                         CVE-2021-41092       Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2021-25214       Medium  
libsmbclient-devel                            CVE-2021-20254       Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              GHSA-5j5w-g665-5m35  Low     
vim                                           CVE-2021-3974        Low     
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec          GHSA-77vh-xpmg-72qh  Low     
sqlite3                                       CVE-2020-9991        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2021-3973        Low     
sqlite3                                       CVE-2020-9849        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2289        Low     
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2021-23840       Low     
tiff                                          CVE-2022-1354        Low     

=============================
Container Image: kubeflow
  Critical: 13
  High:     38
  Medium:   120 
  Low:      46

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
com.nimbusds_nimbus-jose-jwt                  CVE-2019-17195       Critical
libwebp                                       CVE-2018-25011       Critical
django                                        CVE-2022-28347       Critical
net.minidev_json-smart                        CVE-2021-27568       Critical
django                                        CVE-2022-28346       Critical
libwebp                                       CVE-2020-36328       Critical
org.apache.hadoop_hadoop-hdfs                 CVE-2017-15718       Critical
org.apache.hadoop_hadoop-common               CVE-2022-26612       Critical
libwebp                                       CVE-2020-36329       Critical
y18n                                          CVE-2020-7774        Critical
netmask                                       CVE-2021-28918       Critical
github.com/russellhaering/goxmldsig           GHSA-rrfw-hg9m-j47h  Critical
django                                        CVE-2022-34265       Critical
org.apache.hadoop_hadoop-hdfs                 CVE-2018-1296        High    
postgresql-11                                 CVE-2021-32027       High    
pac-resolver                                  CVE-2021-23406       High    
git                                           CVE-2021-29468       High    
azure-cli                                     CVE-2022-39327       High    
apr                                           CVE-2021-35940       High    
fastapi                                       CVE-2021-32677       High    
django                                        CVE-2021-45115       High    
openjpeg2                                     CVE-2020-27823       High    
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                              CVE-2022-3064        High    
mariadb-10.3                                  CVE-2021-27928       High    
org.apache.hadoop_hadoop-common               CVE-2020-9492        High    
glob-parent                                   CVE-2020-28469       High    
org.eclipse.jetty_jetty-webapp                CVE-2020-27216       High    
django                                        CVE-2021-45116       High    
polkit                                        CVE-2021-3560        High    
org.apache.hadoop_hadoop-hdfs                 CVE-2018-11766       High    
github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/v3         CVE-2022-29164       High    
django                                        CVE-2022-36359       High    
code-server                                   CVE-2021-3810        High    
openjpeg2                                     CVE-2020-27814       High    
org.apache.hadoop_hadoop-yarn-server-common   CVE-2021-33036       High    
org.apache.hadoop_hadoop-hdfs                 CVE-2018-8029        High    
cvxopt                                        CVE-2021-41500       High    
ssri                                          CVE-2021-27290       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3099        High    
openjpeg2                                     CVE-2020-6851        High    
nhooyr.io/websocket                           PRISMA-2021-0118     High    
django                                        CVE-2022-23833       High    
io.fabric8_kubernetes-client                  CVE-2021-20218       High    
org.apache.hadoop_hadoop-common               CVE-2017-7669        High    
pyspark                                       CVE-2021-38296       High    
org.apache.thrift_libthrift                   CVE-2020-13949       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2288        High    
openjpeg2                                     CVE-2020-8112        High    
github.com/tidwall/gjson                      CVE-2020-35380       High    
django                                        CVE-2021-44420       High    
django                                        CVE-2022-41323       High    
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21288       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21326       Medium  
sqlite3                                       CVE-2020-9794        Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21337       Medium  
libarchive                                    CVE-2019-19221       Medium  
libwebp                                       CVE-2020-36330       Medium  
openjpeg2                                     CVE-2020-15389       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21310       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2020-13584       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-1826        Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-1817        Medium  
org.glassfish.jersey.core_jersey-common       CVE-2021-28168       Medium  
github.com/docker/docker                      CVE-2015-3627        Medium  
libarchive                                    CVE-2017-14502       Medium  
libwebp                                       CVE-2020-36332       Medium  
org.eclipse.jetty_jetty-server                CVE-2020-27223       Medium  
libsolv                                       CVE-2019-20387       Medium  
libwebp                                       CVE-2018-25009       Medium  
code-server                                   CVE-2021-42648       Medium  
libwebp                                       CVE-2018-25012       Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2020-6405        Medium  
qt5-srpm-macros                               CVE-2021-38593       Medium  
ws                                            CVE-2021-32640       Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23471       Medium  
postgresql-11                                 CVE-2021-32029       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2020-9951        Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2020-9983        Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21332       Medium  
slurm-llnl                                    CVE-2019-12838       Medium  
hosted-git-info                               CVE-2021-23362       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21328       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-27919       Medium  
openjpeg2                                     CVE-2020-27845       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21483       Medium  
slurm-llnl                                    CVE-2019-6438        Medium  
postgresql-11                                 CVE-2021-3393        Medium  
dnf                                           CVE-2021-3445        Medium  
openjpeg2                                     CVE-2020-27841       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21489       Medium  
slurm-llnl                                    CVE-2019-19728       Medium  
libtiff                                       CVE-2022-2953        Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21287       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2020-9948        Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21307       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2020-14591       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21318       Medium  
github.com/russellhaering/goxmldsig           CVE-2020-15216       Medium  
systemd-pam                                   CVE-2020-13776       Medium  
openjpeg2                                     CVE-2020-27843       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-1820        Medium  
libsolv                                       CVE-2021-33930       Medium  
libtiff                                       CVE-2020-19131       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21320       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21316       Medium  
libwebp                                       CVE-2020-36331       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21315       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21327       Medium  
requests-kerberos                             PRISMA-2021-0161     Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21329       Medium  
openjpeg2                                     CVE-2020-27824       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21322       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21285       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21284       Medium  
binutils                                      CVE-2021-20197       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21290       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21356       Medium  
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2021-25737       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21279       Medium  
org.apache.hadoop_hadoop-hdfs                 CVE-2017-15713       Medium  
openjpeg2                                     CVE-2020-27842       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21336       Medium  
org.apache.commons_commons-compress           CVE-2018-11771       Medium  
libwebp                                       CVE-2018-25014       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21286       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21289       Medium  
rpm-build-libs                                CVE-2021-20271       Medium  
org.eclipse.jetty_jetty-server                CVE-2020-27218       Medium  
qt5-srpm-macros                               CVE-2021-3481        Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-30661       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21280       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21334       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-1825        Medium  
mariadb-10.3                                  CVE-2021-2166        Medium  
gnupg2                                        CVE-2018-1000858     Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21335       Medium  
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-2519        Medium  
mariadb-10.3                                  CVE-2021-2154        Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21314       Medium  
cryptsetup-libs                               CVE-2020-14382       Medium  
libsolv                                       CVE-2021-33929       Medium  
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                              CVE-2021-4235        Medium  
libuv1                                        CVE-2021-22918       Medium  
libwebp                                       CVE-2018-25010       Medium  
libsolv                                       CVE-2021-33928       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21482       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2019-5018        Medium  
netmask                                       CVE-2021-29418       Medium  
django                                        CVE-2021-45452       Medium  
slurm-llnl                                    CVE-2018-7033        Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21330       Medium  
libssh                                        CVE-2020-1730        Medium  
github.com/tidwall/gjson                      CVE-2020-36066       Medium  
libwebp                                       CVE-2018-25013       Medium  
python3-rpm                                   CVE-2021-3421        Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2231        Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21309       Medium  
postgresql-11                                 CVE-2021-32028       Medium  
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                              CVE-2019-11254       Medium  
mozjs60                                       CVE-2021-35065       Medium  
qt5-srpm-macros                               CVE-2022-25255       Medium  
slurm-llnl                                    CVE-2018-10995       Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2020-13543       Medium  
libsolv                                       CVE-2021-33938       Medium  
django                                        CVE-2022-22818       Medium  
brotli                                        CVE-2020-8927        Medium  
urllib3                                       CVE-2021-28363       Medium  
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21308       Medium  
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-2520        Low     
python3-rpm                                   CVE-2021-20266       Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21486       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27753       Low     
rsync                                         CVE-2022-29154       Low     
pcre3                                         CVE-2017-6004        Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21319       Low     
libxml2                                       CVE-2022-3209        Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21311       Low     
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-2521        Low     
glib2                                         CVE-2020-16125       Low     
libtiff                                       CVE-2020-35521       Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21317       Low     
libxi                                         CVE-2016-7945        Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21325       Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21323       Low     
sqlite3                                       CVE-2020-9991        Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21484       Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21312       Low     
pcre3                                         CVE-2017-7186        Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21331       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2020-35448       Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21333       Low     
libpcap                                       CVE-2019-15165       Low     
libstdc++                                     CVE-2018-20673       Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21321       Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21355       Low     
lua-libs                                      CVE-2020-24370       Low     
imagemagick                                   CVE-2020-27755       Low     
heimdal                                       CVE-2017-6594        Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21313       Low     
libsolv                                       CVE-2021-3200        Low     
pydantic                                      CVE-2021-29510       Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21357       Low     
libssh                                        CVE-2020-16135       Low     
libxi                                         CVE-2016-7946        Low     
org.eclipse.jetty_jetty-io                    CVE-2021-28163       Low     
libssh                                        CVE-2019-14889       Low     
sqlite3                                       CVE-2020-9849        Low     
ghostscript                                   CVE-2022-2085        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2289        Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21485       Low     
libdb-utils                                   CVE-2019-2708        Low     
mysql                                         CVE-2022-21324       Low     
binutils                                      CVE-2021-20284       Low     
libtiff                                       CVE-2020-35522       Low     

=============================
Container Image: kubernetes_dashboard
  Critical: 2
  High:     26
  Medium:   21 
  Low:      1

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
go                                            CVE-2022-23806       Critical
go                                            CVE-2021-38297       Critical
go                                            CVE-2022-32189       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33196       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30632       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30635       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30630       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-27918       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24675       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23772       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28367       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30580       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28362       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33194       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30633       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28131       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24921       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41772       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-29923       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28327       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-44716       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28366       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-39293       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33198       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30631       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33195       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23773       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41771       High    
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-32148       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32208       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-36221       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-2526        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-34558       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-1292        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-3114        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-31525       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2068        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-33197       Medium  
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-34903       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-1962        Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2097        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23471       Medium  
pcre2                                         CVE-2022-1586        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32206       Medium  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                  PRISMA-2022-0270     Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-1705        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-30629       Low     

=============================
Container Image: kube_state_metrics
  Critical: 1
  High:     17
  Medium:   30 
  Low:      2

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
go                                            CVE-2021-38297       Critical
go                                            CVE-2021-33196       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-27918       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28367       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33194       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28362       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41772       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-29923       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28366       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-39293       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33198       High    
github.com/gogo/protobuf                      CVE-2021-3121        High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33195       High    
golang.org/x/crypto                           CVE-2020-29652       High    
python3.7                                     CVE-2022-37454       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-16845       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41771       High    
github.com/dgrijalva/jwt-go                   CVE-2020-26160       High    
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-40674       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32208       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-36221       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-2526        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-29510       Medium  
python36                                      CVE-2020-10735       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-3114        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-34558       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-31525       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-1292        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-15586       Medium  
libtirpc                                      CVE-2021-46828       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-43680       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-14039       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2068        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-33197       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-24553       Medium  
python3-libs                                  CVE-2022-45061       Medium  
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-34903       Medium  
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                              CVE-2019-11254       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2097        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23471       Medium  
pcre2                                         CVE-2022-1586        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32206       Medium  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                  PRISMA-2022-0270     Medium  
setuptools                                    CVE-2022-40897       Medium  
platform-python                               CVE-2022-0391        Medium  
platform-python                               CVE-2022-42919       Low     
platform-python                               CVE-2015-20107       Low     

=============================
Container Image: metrics_server
  Critical: 1
  High:     14
  Medium:   25 
  Low:      2

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
go                                            CVE-2021-38297       Critical
go                                            CVE-2021-33196       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-27918       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28367       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28362       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33194       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41772       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-29923       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-44716       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28366       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-39293       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33198       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33195       High    
python3.7                                     CVE-2022-37454       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41771       High    
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-40674       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32208       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-36221       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-2526        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-34558       Medium  
python36                                      CVE-2020-10735       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-3114        Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-1292        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-31525       Medium  
libtirpc                                      CVE-2021-46828       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-43680       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2068        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-33197       Medium  
python3-libs                                  CVE-2022-45061       Medium  
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-34903       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2097        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23471       Medium  
pcre2                                         CVE-2022-1586        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32206       Medium  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                  PRISMA-2022-0270     Medium  
setuptools                                    CVE-2022-40897       Medium  
platform-python                               CVE-2022-0391        Medium  
platform-python                               CVE-2022-42919       Low     
platform-python                               CVE-2015-20107       Low     

=============================
Container Image: nvidia_plugin
  Critical: 0
  High:     2
  Medium:   23 
  Low:      7

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2288        High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3099        High    
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
sqlite3                                       CVE-2020-9794        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-22576       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-1292        Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2022-29824       Medium  
libtirpc                                      CVE-2021-46828       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27774       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2068        Medium  
lua                                           CVE-2022-33099       Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1927        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1629        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27782       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-25313       Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-1897        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-25314       Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2231        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1621        Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2097        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23471       Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1785        Medium  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                  PRISMA-2022-0270     Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27776       Low     
sqlite3                                       CVE-2020-9991        Low     
pcre3                                         CVE-2017-6004        Low     
sqlite3                                       CVE-2020-9849        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2289        Low     
heimdal                                       CVE-2017-6594        Low     
pcre3                                         CVE-2017-7186        Low     

=============================
Container Image: opa_gatekeeper
  Critical: 2
  High:     25
  Medium:   21 
  Low:      1

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
go                                            CVE-2022-23806       Critical
go                                            CVE-2021-38297       Critical
go                                            CVE-2021-33196       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30632       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30635       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30630       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-27918       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24675       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23772       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28367       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30580       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28362       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33194       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30633       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28131       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24921       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41772       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-29923       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28327       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-44716       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28366       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-39293       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33198       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30631       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33195       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23773       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41771       High    
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-32148       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32208       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-36221       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-2526        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-34558       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-1292        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-3114        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-31525       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2068        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-33197       Medium  
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-34903       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-1962        Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2097        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23471       Medium  
pcre2                                         CVE-2022-1586        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32206       Medium  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                  PRISMA-2022-0270     Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-1705        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-30629       Low     

=============================
Container Image: picasso
  Critical: 0
  High:     18
  Medium:   13 
  Low:      2

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
nodejs                                        CVE-2022-29244       High    
bind9                                         CVE-2022-3080        High    
mariadb-10.5                                  CVE-2022-32082       High    
mariadb-10.5                                  CVE-2022-32081       High    
mariadb-10.5                                  CVE-2022-27457       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2288        High    
mariadb-10.5                                  CVE-2022-27455       High    
mariadb-10.5                                  CVE-2022-27382       High    
mariadb-10.5                                  CVE-2022-27451       High    
mariadb-10.5                                  CVE-2022-27385       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3099        High    
mariadb-10.5                                  CVE-2022-32089       High    
mariadb-10.5                                  CVE-2022-32086       High    
mariadb-10.5                                  CVE-2022-27446       High    
mariadb-10.5                                  CVE-2022-27444       High    
bind9                                         CVE-2022-2881        High    
npm                                           CVE-2021-44531       High    
mysql-connector-python                        CVE-2022-21824       High    
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
nodejs-nodemon                                CVE-2022-32215       Medium  
bootstrap                                     CVE-2018-14040       Medium  
nodejs-nodemon                                CVE-2022-32213       Medium  
nodejs-nodemon                                CVE-2022-32214       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2231        Medium  
nodejs-nodemon                                CVE-2022-32212       Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23471       Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
npm                                           CVE-2021-44533       Medium  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                  PRISMA-2022-0270     Medium  
npm                                           CVE-2021-44532       Medium  
rsync                                         CVE-2022-29154       Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2289        Low     

=============================
Container Image: spark_operator
  Critical: 0
  High:     5
  Medium:   11 
  Low:      2

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
bind9                                         CVE-2022-3080        High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3099        High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2288        High    
rsyslog                                       CVE-2022-32190       High    
k8s.io/kubernetes                             CVE-2020-8558        High    
libzstd                                       CVE-2019-11922       Medium  
glibc-common                                  CVE-2022-39046       Medium  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go                     PRISMA-2022-0281     Medium  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go                     CVE-2022-2582        Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2231        Medium  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go                     PRISMA-2022-0113     Medium  
git                                           CVE-2022-29187       Medium  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go                     PRISMA-2022-0164     Medium  
emacs-filesystem                              CVE-2022-45939       Medium  
git                                           CVE-2022-39260       Medium  
git                                           CVE-2022-39253       Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2289        Low     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go                     CVE-2020-8912        Low     

