========================================
HPE Ezmeral Runtime Enterprise
CVE Fixed Report for 5.6.0
Total # of components: 23
 Total # of Critical: 39
 Total # of High: 311
 Total # of Medium: 535
 Total # of Low: 249
=============================================================
Component             Crit High Med  Low
--------------------- ---- ---- ---- ----
airflow                  1    5   12    4
argo                     2   10   65   29
cert-manager             0    0    0    0
datafabric               0    6    5   14
falco                    0    1    5    2
hpe-csi-loopbacknfs      0    0    0    0
hpecp_agent              0    4   23   19
hpecp_monitoring         0    0    2    2
hpecp_nvidiagpubeat      0    1   20    9
hpecp_serviceaccounts    0    1    8    2
istio                    2    7   28   25
k8s                      0    3   12   21
kubedirector             3   20   11   13
kubeflow                 1   17    9   26
kubernetes_dashboard     0    1   19    9
kube_state_metrics       0    0    2    2
metrics_server           1   14   22   10
mlops                   18  171  166    7
nvidia_plugin            0    3    9   20
opa_gatekeeper           0    0    0    1
prometheus               0    0    0    0
spark                    1    1    1    0
spark_operator          10   46  116   34



============ DETAILS =========================

=============================
Container Image: airflow
  Critical: 1
  High:     5
  Medium:   12 
  Low:      4

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
java                                          CVE-2020-2801        Critical
com.fasterxml.woodstox_woodstox-core          CVE-2022-40153       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-27918       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28367       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28362       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28366       High    
curl                                          CVE-2022-32208       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-2526        Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-1292        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-3114        Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2022-35737       Medium  
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2022-45873       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2068        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23471       Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32206       Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2022-42800       Medium  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                  PRISMA-2022-0270     Medium  
libstdc++                                     CVE-2022-27943       Low     
com.fasterxml.woodstox_woodstox-core          CVE-2022-40154       Low     
com.fasterxml.woodstox_woodstox-core          CVE-2022-40155       Low     
com.fasterxml.woodstox_woodstox-core          CVE-2022-40156       Low     

=============================
Container Image: argo
  Critical: 2
  High:     10
  Medium:   65 
  Low:      29

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
github.com/Masterminds/vcs                    CVE-2022-21235       Critical
json-schema                                   CVE-2021-3918        Critical
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3352        High    
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-0891        High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2285        High    
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-23648       High    
libksba                                       CVE-2022-3515        High    
npm                                           CVE-2021-44531       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-29923       High    
minimatch                                     PRISMA-2022-0039     High    
python3.7                                     CVE-2022-37454       High    
mysql-connector-python                        CVE-2022-21824       High    
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2980        Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2344        Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2022-29824       Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2946        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27774       Medium  
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-29404       Medium  
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-0908        Medium  
nodejs                                        CVE-2022-35256       Medium  
unbound                                       CVE-2022-3204        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27782       Medium  
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-0865        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-25314       Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1785        Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2022-42800       Medium  
platform-python                               CVE-2022-0391        Medium  
nodejs-nodemon                                CVE-2022-32215       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32208       Medium  
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-0561        Medium  
unbound                                       CVE-2022-30699       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-2526        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-34558       Medium  
oauthlib                                      CVE-2022-36087       Medium  
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-23943       Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2020-35527       Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1927        Medium  
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-22721       Medium  
libgcrypt                                     CVE-2021-40528       Medium  
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-0562        Medium  
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-34903       Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-1897        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1621        Medium  
npm                                           CVE-2021-44533       Medium  
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-31813       Medium  
npm                                           CVE-2021-44532       Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2016-3709        Medium  
freetype                                      CVE-2022-27404       Medium  
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-22719       Medium  
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-0924        Medium  
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-22844       Medium  
nodejs-nodemon                                CVE-2022-32213       Medium  
nodejs-nodemon                                CVE-2022-32214       Medium  
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2022-45873       Medium  
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-30522       Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1629        Medium  
tiff                                          CVE-2022-3597        Medium  
unbound                                       CVE-2022-30698       Medium  
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2022-1304        Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2020-35525       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-36221       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-22576       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-1292        Medium  
xz                                            CVE-2022-1271        Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-25313       Medium  
nodejs-nodemon                                CVE-2022-32212       Medium  
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-0909        Medium  
qt5-srpm-macros                               CVE-2022-25255       Medium  
pcre2                                         CVE-2022-1586        Medium  
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-26377       Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32206       Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2175        Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2345        Medium  
node-fetch                                    CVE-2022-0235        Medium  
gnutls28                                      CVE-2022-2509        Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2923        Medium  
platform-python                               CVE-2022-42919       Low     
freetype                                      CVE-2022-27405       Low     
rsync                                         CVE-2022-29154       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2022-27776       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3296        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3324        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2126        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2124        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2208        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2206        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3278        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2286        Low     
mod_ldap                                      CVE-2020-13950       Low     
freetype                                      CVE-2022-27406       Low     
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-28615       Low     
libtiff-devel                                 CVE-2022-1355        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3256        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2129        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3235        Low     
github.com/docker/distribution                GHSA-qq97-vm5h-rrhg  Low     
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-30556       Low     
platform-python                               CVE-2015-20107       Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3234        Low     
libstdc++                                     CVE-2022-27943       Low     
httpd-devel                                   CVE-2022-28614       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2210        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3153        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2819        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2125        Low     

=============================
Container Image: cert-manager
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------

=============================
Container Image: datafabric
  Critical: 0
  High:     6
  Medium:   5 
  Low:      14

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
com.fasterxml.woodstox_woodstox-core          CVE-2022-40153       High    
minimatch                                     PRISMA-2022-0039     High    
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3352        High    
libsmbclient                                  CVE-2022-45141       High    
org.apache.ant_ant                            CVE-2020-11979       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2285        High    
curl                                          CVE-2022-35260       Medium  
org.apache.ant_ant                            CVE-2020-1945        Medium  
tiff                                          CVE-2022-3597        Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2175        Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2345        Medium  
com.fasterxml.woodstox_woodstox-core          CVE-2022-40154       Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3256        Low     
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-3219        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3297        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2210        Low     
mozjs60                                       CVE-2022-37598       Low     
com.fasterxml.woodstox_woodstox-core          CVE-2022-40156       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2124        Low     
com.fasterxml.woodstox_woodstox-core          CVE-2022-40155       Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2206        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3278        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3296        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3234        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2125        Low     

=============================
Container Image: falco
  Critical: 0
  High:     1
  Medium:   5 
  Low:      2

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
libksba                                       CVE-2022-3515        High    
libxml2                                       CVE-2016-3709        Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2022-35737       Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2020-35525       Medium  
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2022-45873       Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2020-35527       Medium  
libstdc++                                     CVE-2022-27943       Low     
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-3219        Low     

=============================
Container Image: hpe-csi-loopbacknfs
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------

=============================
Container Image: hpecp_agent
  Critical: 0
  High:     4
  Medium:   23 
  Low:      19

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
ansible                                       CVE-2021-3583        High    
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3352        High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2285        High    
lxml                                          CVE-2021-43818       High    
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2980        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-35260       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-22576       Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2344        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1154        Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2022-29824       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2021-3733        Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2946        Medium  
libtirpc                                      CVE-2021-46828       Medium  
python36                                      CVE-2021-3737        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27774       Medium  
nss-tools                                     CVE-2020-12399       Medium  
libgcrypt                                     CVE-2021-40528       Medium  
bind9                                         CVE-2021-25220       Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1629        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27782       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-25313       Medium  
expat                                         CVE-2022-25314       Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-1621        Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2175        Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2345        Medium  
python2.7                                     CVE-2021-4189        Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2923        Medium  
vim                                           CVE-2022-3256        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2129        Low     
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-3219        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3297        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2210        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2126        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2124        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2208        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3235        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2206        Low     
libssh-config                                 CVE-2021-3634        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3153        Low     
curl                                          CVE-2022-27776       Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2286        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2819        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3296        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3234        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2125        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3324        Low     

=============================
Container Image: hpecp_monitoring
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   2 
  Low:      2

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
sqlite                                        CVE-2022-35737       Medium  
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2022-45873       Medium  
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-3219        Low     
libstdc++                                     CVE-2022-27943       Low     

=============================
Container Image: hpecp_nvidiagpubeat
  Critical: 0
  High:     1
  Medium:   20 
  Low:      9

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
libksba                                       CVE-2022-3515        High    
bash                                          CVE-2022-3715        Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2022-35737       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-43552       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-41717       Medium  
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2022-4415        Medium  
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2022-45873       Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2020-35527       Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2022-37434       Medium  
rpm                                           CVE-2021-35939       Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2022-46908       Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2022-40304       Medium  
rpm                                           CVE-2021-35937       Medium  
rpm                                           CVE-2021-35938       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-3821        Medium  
krb5-libs                                     CVE-2022-42898       Medium  
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2022-1304        Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2020-35525       Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2022-40303       Medium  
gnutls28                                      CVE-2022-2509        Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2016-3709        Medium  
libstdc++                                     CVE-2022-27943       Low     
libarchive                                    CVE-2022-36227       Low     
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-3219        Low     
libarchive                                    CVE-2017-14501       Low     
libtasn1-6                                    CVE-2021-46848       Low     
libsolv                                       CVE-2021-44568       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2022-35252       Low     
libarchive                                    CVE-2017-14166       Low     
libgcc                                        CVE-2021-3826        Low     

=============================
Container Image: hpecp_serviceaccounts
  Critical: 0
  High:     1
  Medium:   8 
  Low:      2

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
libksba                                       CVE-2022-3515        High    
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2022-1304        Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2022-35737       Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2016-3709        Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2020-35525       Medium  
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2022-45873       Medium  
gnutls28                                      CVE-2022-2509        Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2020-35527       Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2022-37434       Medium  
libstdc++                                     CVE-2022-27943       Low     
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-3219        Low     

=============================
Container Image: istio
  Critical: 2
  High:     7
  Medium:   28 
  Low:      25

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
go                                            CVE-2022-23806       Critical
pcre2                                         CVE-2022-1587        Critical
go                                            CVE-2022-23772       High    
cyrus-sasl-lib                                CVE-2022-24407       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24921       High    
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-0778        High    
go                                            CVE-2021-44716       High    
libksba                                       CVE-2022-3515        High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23773       High    
util-linux                                    CVE-2021-3995        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32208       Medium  
util-linux                                    CVE-2021-3996        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-22576       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-1292        Medium  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                CVE-2021-43784       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2021-3999        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27774       Medium  
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2022-45873       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2068        Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2020-35527       Medium  
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-34903       Medium  
xz                                            CVE-2022-1271        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27782       Medium  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                CVE-2022-29162       Medium  
openldap                                      CVE-2022-29155       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2097        Medium  
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2022-1304        Medium  
pcre2                                         CVE-2022-1586        Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2018-25032       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-32206       Medium  
dpkg                                          CVE-2022-1664        Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2020-35525       Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2022-42800       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2021-3997        Medium  
github.com/docker/cli                         CVE-2021-41092       Medium  
gnutls28                                      CVE-2022-2509        Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2016-3709        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-27775       Low     
libsepol                                      CVE-2021-36087       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2020-27618       Low     
libstdc++                                     CVE-2022-27943       Low     
tcpdump                                       CVE-2020-8037        Low     
bash                                          CVE-2019-18276       Low     
libsepol                                      CVE-2021-36084       Low     
gnutls28                                      CVE-2021-4209        Low     
pcre3                                         CVE-2019-20838       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2020-6096        Low     
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec          GHSA-77vh-xpmg-72qh  Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2021-27645       Low     
tcpdump                                       CVE-2018-16301       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2021-3326        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2020-29562       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2022-27776       Low     
libsepol                                      CVE-2021-36085       Low     
protobuf-c                                    CVE-2022-33070       Low     
tar                                           CVE-2021-20193       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2022-23219       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2022-27781       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2022-23218       Low     
libsepol                                      CVE-2021-36086       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2021-35942       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2019-25013       Low     

=============================
Container Image: k8s
  Critical: 0
  High:     3
  Medium:   12 
  Low:      21

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3352        High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2285        High    
python3.7                                     CVE-2022-37454       High    
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2980        Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-35260       Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2344        Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2946        Medium  
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2022-45873       Medium  
nss-tools                                     CVE-2020-12399       Medium  
bind9                                         CVE-2021-25220       Medium  
tiff                                          CVE-2022-3597        Medium  
jasper-libs                                   CVE-2022-2963        Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2175        Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2345        Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2923        Medium  
libstdc++                                     CVE-2022-27943       Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3256        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2129        Low     
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-3219        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3297        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2210        Low     
platform-python                               CVE-2022-42919       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2126        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2124        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2208        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3235        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3278        Low     
github.com/docker/distribution                GHSA-qq97-vm5h-rrhg  Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2206        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3153        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2286        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2819        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3296        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3234        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2125        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3324        Low     

=============================
Container Image: kubedirector
  Critical: 3
  High:     20
  Medium:   11 
  Low:      13

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
go                                            CVE-2022-23806       Critical
java                                          CVE-2020-2801        Critical
nodejs-nodemon                                CVE-2021-44906       Critical
go                                            CVE-2022-32189       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30632       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30630       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30635       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24675       High    
nodejs                                        CVE-2022-3517        High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23772       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30580       High    
nodejs                                        CVE-2022-35255       High    
qs                                            CVE-2022-24999       High    
libsmbclient                                  CVE-2022-37966       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30633       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28131       High    
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3352        High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24921       High    
libsmbclient                                  CVE-2022-45141       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28327       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2285        High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30631       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23773       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-32148       Medium  
git                                           CVE-2022-39260       Medium  
nodejs                                        CVE-2022-43548       Medium  
nss-tools                                     CVE-2020-12399       Medium  
git                                           CVE-2022-39253       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-1962        Medium  
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2022-42800       Medium  
git                                           CVE-2022-29187       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-1705        Medium  
node-fetch                                    CVE-2022-0235        Medium  
gnutls28                                      CVE-2018-16868       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3297        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2210        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2284        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2208        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3235        Low     
github.com/docker/distribution                GHSA-qq97-vm5h-rrhg  Low     
xorg                                          CVE-2012-1093        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2819        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3037        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3296        Low     
go                                            CVE-2022-30629       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2522        Low     

=============================
Container Image: kubeflow
  Critical: 1
  High:     17
  Medium:   9 
  Low:      26

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
java                                          CVE-2020-2801        Critical
nodejs                                        CVE-2022-29244       High    
com.fasterxml.woodstox_woodstox-core          CVE-2022-40153       High    
@npmcli/arborist                              CVE-2021-39135       High    
tar                                           CVE-2021-37713       High    
tar                                           CVE-2021-32804       High    
tar                                           CVE-2021-37712       High    
minimatch                                     PRISMA-2022-0039     High    
lief                                          CVE-2022-38495       High    
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3352        High    
github.com/tidwall/gjson                      CVE-2021-42836       High    
go                                            CVE-2019-17596       High    
@npmcli/arborist                              CVE-2021-39134       High    
github.com/tidwall/gjson                      CVE-2021-42248       High    
tar                                           CVE-2021-32803       High    
tar                                           CVE-2021-37701       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2285        High    
python3.7                                     CVE-2022-37454       High    
lief                                          CVE-2022-40922       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-35260       Medium  
lief                                          CVE-2022-40923       Medium  
lief                                          CVE-2022-38497       Medium  
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2022-45873       Medium  
lief                                          CVE-2022-38307       Medium  
lief                                          CVE-2022-38306       Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2022-42800       Medium  
github.com/docker/cli                         CVE-2021-41092       Medium  
tcpdump                                       CVE-2020-8037        Low     
gnutls28                                      CVE-2018-16868       Low     
com.fasterxml.woodstox_woodstox-core          CVE-2022-40154       Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3256        Low     
flac                                          CVE-2017-6888        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2210        Low     
com.fasterxml.woodstox_woodstox-core          CVE-2022-40155       Low     
com.fasterxml.woodstox_woodstox-core          CVE-2022-40156       Low     
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec          GHSA-77vh-xpmg-72qh  Low     
groff                                         CVE-2009-5080        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3235        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2208        Low     
tcpdump                                       CVE-2018-16301       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3278        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3153        Low     
pcre3                                         CVE-2017-7244        Low     
xorg                                          CVE-2012-1093        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2286        Low     
protobuf-c                                    CVE-2022-33070       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2819        Low     
libonig                                       CVE-2019-13225       Low     
flac                                          CVE-2021-0561        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3296        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3234        Low     
flac                                          CVE-2020-0499        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3324        Low     

=============================
Container Image: kubernetes_dashboard
  Critical: 0
  High:     1
  Medium:   19 
  Low:      9

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
libksba                                       CVE-2022-3515        High    
bash                                          CVE-2022-3715        Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2022-35737       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-43552       Medium  
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2022-4415        Medium  
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2022-45873       Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2020-35527       Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2022-37434       Medium  
rpm                                           CVE-2021-35939       Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2022-46908       Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2022-40304       Medium  
rpm                                           CVE-2021-35937       Medium  
rpm                                           CVE-2021-35938       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-3821        Medium  
krb5-libs                                     CVE-2022-42898       Medium  
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2022-1304        Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2020-35525       Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2022-40303       Medium  
gnutls28                                      CVE-2022-2509        Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2016-3709        Medium  
libstdc++                                     CVE-2022-27943       Low     
libarchive                                    CVE-2022-36227       Low     
libarchive                                    CVE-2017-14501       Low     
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-3219        Low     
libtasn1-6                                    CVE-2021-46848       Low     
libsolv                                       CVE-2021-44568       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2022-35252       Low     
libarchive                                    CVE-2017-14166       Low     
libgcc                                        CVE-2021-3826        Low     

=============================
Container Image: kube_state_metrics
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   2 
  Low:      2

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2022-45873       Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2022-35737       Medium  
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-3219        Low     
libstdc++                                     CVE-2022-27943       Low     

=============================
Container Image: metrics_server
  Critical: 1
  High:     14
  Medium:   22 
  Low:      10

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
go                                            CVE-2022-23806       Critical
go                                            CVE-2022-32189       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30632       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30630       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30635       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24675       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23772       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30580       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30633       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28131       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24921       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28327       High    
libksba                                       CVE-2022-3515        High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30631       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23773       High    
bash                                          CVE-2022-3715        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-32148       Medium  
sqlite                                        CVE-2022-35737       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2022-43552       Medium  
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2022-4415        Medium  
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2022-45873       Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2020-35527       Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2022-37434       Medium  
rpm                                           CVE-2021-35939       Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2022-46908       Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2022-40304       Medium  
rpm                                           CVE-2021-35937       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-1962        Medium  
rpm                                           CVE-2021-35938       Medium  
systemd                                       CVE-2022-3821        Medium  
krb5-libs                                     CVE-2022-42898       Medium  
e2fsprogs                                     CVE-2022-1304        Medium  
sqlite-libs                                   CVE-2020-35525       Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2022-40303       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-1705        Medium  
gnutls28                                      CVE-2022-2509        Medium  
libxml2                                       CVE-2016-3709        Medium  
libstdc++                                     CVE-2022-27943       Low     
libarchive                                    CVE-2022-36227       Low     
libarchive                                    CVE-2017-14501       Low     
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-3219        Low     
libtasn1-6                                    CVE-2021-46848       Low     
libsolv                                       CVE-2021-44568       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2022-35252       Low     
libarchive                                    CVE-2017-14166       Low     
go                                            CVE-2022-30629       Low     
libgcc                                        CVE-2021-3826        Low     

=============================
Container Image: mlops
  Critical: 18
  High:     171
  Medium:   166 
  Low:      7

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23587       Critical
pyyaml                                        CVE-2019-20477       Critical
tensorflow                                    GHSA-h6gw-r52c-724r  Critical
url-parse                                     CVE-2022-0691        Critical
pyyaml                                        CVE-2020-14343       Critical
tensorflow                                    CVE-2018-7575        Critical
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-15208       Critical
nodejs-nodemon                                CVE-2021-44906       Critical
go                                            CVE-2022-23806       Critical
notebook                                      CVE-2021-32798       Critical
url-parse                                     CVE-2022-0686        Critical
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-15202       Critical
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-15205       Critical
tensorflow                                    CVE-2019-16778       Critical
pyyaml                                        CVE-2020-1747        Critical
java                                          CVE-2020-2801        Critical
go                                            CVE-2021-38297       Critical
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-15207       Critical
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-21740       High    
marked                                        CVE-2022-21680       High    
bleach                                        CVE-2020-6817        High    
urllib3                                       CVE-2021-33503       High    
nltk                                          CVE-2021-43854       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29582       High    
ansi-regex                                    CVE-2021-3807        High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29593       High    
pygments                                      CVE-2021-27291       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28366       High    
terser                                        CVE-2022-25858       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29576       High    
moment                                        CVE-2022-24785       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-15266       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28367       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29613       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29513       High    
jupyterhub                                    CVE-2021-41247       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23559       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28327       High    
github.com/gogo/protobuf                      CVE-2021-3121        High    
postcss                                       CVE-2021-23382       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-26267       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29571       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-5215        High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29546       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29612       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29592       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-15265       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29614       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29583       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23773       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-28362       High    
minimatch                                     PRISMA-2022-0039     High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29529       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-28131       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29574       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41226       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29607       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29591       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-21726       High    
rsa                                           CVE-2020-13757       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-23772       High    
marked                                        CVE-2022-21681       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-2880        High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29600       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29590       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29585       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2018-10055       High    
oauthlib                                      PRISMA-2021-0041     High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30630       High    
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                              CVE-2022-3064        High    
urllib3                                       CVE-2019-11324       High    
jinja2                                        CVE-2019-10906       High    
moment                                        CVE-2022-31129       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2018-8825        High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30631       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29599       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29586       High    
jupyter-core                                  CVE-2022-39286       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29598       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23574       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23573       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23558       High    
notebook                                      CVE-2022-24758       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29518       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-29923       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29589       High    
jupyter-server                                CVE-2022-24757       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33195       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-21728       High    
werkzeug                                      CVE-2019-14806       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-32189       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29588       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29609       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29532       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29520       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29569       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2018-7577        High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29608       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29568       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-39293       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41219       High    
go                                            CVE-2020-16845       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41212       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41201       High    
httplib2                                      CVE-2021-21240       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29553       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41210       High    
tensorflow                                    GHSA-43q8-3fv7-pr5x  High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30633       High    
nth-check                                     CVE-2021-3803        High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29559       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41772       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41224       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-44716       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41214       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29610       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-15195       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29558       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29579       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29577       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23562       High    
qs                                            CVE-2022-24999       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24921       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29616       High    
glob-parent                                   CVE-2020-28469       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29530       High    
jupyter-server                                CVE-2022-29241       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30635       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23591       High    
nodejs                                        CVE-2022-3517        High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29540       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30580       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29597       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29537       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29570       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23560       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29566       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29587       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-15206       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29578       High    
nodejs                                        CVE-2022-29244       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-27918       High    
pygments                                      CVE-2021-20270       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29594       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29603       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33196       High    
nltk                                          CVE-2021-3842        High    
fast-json-patch                               PRISMA-2021-0103     High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29596       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29515       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29536       High    
mlflow                                        CVE-2022-0736        High    
mistune                                       CVE-2022-34749       High    
unset-value                                   PRISMA-2022-0049     High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-15203       High    
async                                         CVE-2021-43138       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29606       High    
sanitize-html                                 CVE-2022-25887       High    
future                                        CVE-2022-40899       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23590       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23566       High    
loader-utils                                  CVE-2022-37599       High    
mozjs60                                       CVE-2022-37603       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41223       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41205       High    
notebook                                      CVE-2021-32797       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33198       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-21727       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-21730       High    
golang.org/x/crypto                           CVE-2020-29652       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29560       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-30632       High    
mozjs60                                       CVE-2022-46175       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-33194       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29525       High    
semver-regex                                  CVE-2021-3795        High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29601       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23561       High    
rsyslog                                       CVE-2022-41715       High    
nltk                                          CVE-2021-3828        High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29595       High    
keras                                         PRISMA-2021-0099     High    
go                                            CVE-2022-27664       High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29535       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-41771       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-24675       High    
d3-color                                      GHSA-36jr-mh4h-2g58  High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41203       High    
go                                            CVE-2022-2879        High    
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29565       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-31525       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29524       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-15210       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29517       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29543       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23570       Medium  
uglify-js                                     PRISMA-2021-0169     Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23564       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-41716       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41199       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-34558       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29528       Medium  
jinja2                                        CVE-2020-28493       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-15194       Medium  
url-parse                                     CVE-2021-3664        Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29581       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23567       Medium  
sanitize-html                                 CVE-2021-26539       Medium  
sqlalchemy                                    PRISMA-2021-0090     Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29618       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29563       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-3114        Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29533       Medium  
bleach                                        CVE-2020-6816        Medium  
nbconvert                                     CVE-2021-32862       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2020-26137       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29541       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41217       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29562       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23589       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29539       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23595       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-26268       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29604       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29557       Medium  
mozjs60                                       CVE-2021-35065       Medium  
rsa                                           CVE-2020-25658       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23572       Medium  
tensorflow                                    GHSA-wcv5-vrvr-3rx2  Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-15211       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29545       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29548       Medium  
loader-utils                                  CVE-2022-37601       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-26266       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29575       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29549       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-21736       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29567       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29523       Medium  
nodejs-nodemon                                CVE-2022-33987       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23577       Medium  
notebook                                      CVE-2020-26215       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41198       Medium  
urllib3                                       CVE-2019-11236       Medium  
postcss                                       CVE-2021-23368       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29573       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23586       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23565       Medium  
d3-color                                      PRISMA-2021-0092     Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29550       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29564       Medium  
nbdime                                        CVE-2021-41134       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29526       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29555       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-21739       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-21741       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23563       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29617       Medium  
protobuf                                      CVE-2021-22570       Medium  
jquery-ui                                     PRISMA-2022-0275     Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29527       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29522       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23581       Medium  
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                              CVE-2021-4235        Medium  
bleach                                        CVE-2020-6802        Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29619       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-15204       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23579       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23569       Medium  
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                              CVE-2019-11254       Medium  
click                                         PRISMA-2021-0020     Medium  
pip                                           CVE-2019-20916       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-21734       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-1705        Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-15209       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29602       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41195       Medium  
ws                                            CVE-2021-32640       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29547       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23571       Medium  
jquery-ui                                     CVE-2021-41182       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23575       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-1962        Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-21733       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-21735       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41196       Medium  
jquery-ui                                     CVE-2021-41184       Medium  
follow-redirects                              CVE-2022-0536        Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-29510       Medium  
notebook                                      CVE-2022-29238       Medium  
html5lib                                      CVE-2016-9910        Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29561       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29615       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23578       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29556       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29572       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-21729       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23580       Medium  
fast-json-patch                               CVE-2021-4279        Medium  
jquery-ui                                     CVE-2022-31160       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29531       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2018-21233       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-15586       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23568       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-33197       Medium  
jquery-ui                                     CVE-2021-41183       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41204       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29552       Medium  
html5lib                                      CVE-2016-9909        Medium  
node-fetch                                    CVE-2022-0235        Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29611       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23582       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-21738       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2018-7576        Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29584       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-41717       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-21731       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-21732       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29551       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-15190       Medium  
url-parse                                     CVE-2021-27515       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41200       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-29197       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29542       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41197       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29605       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-41215       Medium  
codemirror                                    CVE-2020-7760        Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-21725       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23557       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-24553       Medium  
sanitize-html                                 CVE-2021-26540       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23576       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29538       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23588       Medium  
clean-css                                     PRISMA-2021-0147     Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29519       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2022-32148       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2021-36221       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29554       Medium  
marked                                        PRISMA-2021-0013     Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23585       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29534       Medium  
go                                            CVE-2020-14039       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-21737       Medium  
semver-regex                                  PRISMA-2022-0190     Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2019-9635        Medium  
url-parse                                     CVE-2022-0639        Medium  
scikit-learn                                  PRISMA-2021-0037     Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23584       Medium  
url-parse                                     CVE-2022-0512        Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2022-23583       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29516       Medium  
tensorflow                                    CVE-2021-29580       Medium  
bleach                                        CVE-2021-23980       Medium  
pip                                           CVE-2021-3572        Low     
httplib2                                      CVE-2020-11078       Low     
go                                            CVE-2022-30629       Low     
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-26271       Low     
semver-regex                                  CVE-2021-43307       Low     
decode-uri-component                          CVE-2022-38900       Low     
tensorflow                                    CVE-2020-26270       Low     

=============================
Container Image: nvidia_plugin
  Critical: 0
  High:     3
  Medium:   9 
  Low:      20

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3352        High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2285        High    
python3.7                                     CVE-2022-37454       High    
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2980        Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2344        Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2946        Medium  
systemd-libs                                  CVE-2022-45873       Medium  
nss-tools                                     CVE-2020-12399       Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2175        Medium  
zlib                                          CVE-2022-42800       Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2345        Medium  
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2923        Medium  
libstdc++                                     CVE-2022-27943       Low     
gnutls28                                      CVE-2018-16868       Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3256        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2129        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3297        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2210        Low     
platform-python                               CVE-2022-42919       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2126        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2124        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2208        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3235        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2206        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-3153        Low     
pcre3                                         CVE-2017-7244        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2286        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2819        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3296        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3234        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2125        Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3324        Low     

=============================
Container Image: opa_gatekeeper
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      1

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-3219        Low     

=============================
Container Image: prometheus
  Critical: 0
  High:     0
  Medium:   0 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------

=============================
Container Image: spark
  Critical: 1
  High:     1
  Medium:   1 
  Low:      0

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
java                                          CVE-2020-2801        Critical
minimatch                                     PRISMA-2022-0039     High    
github.com/containerd/containerd              CVE-2022-31030       Medium  

=============================
Container Image: spark_operator
  Critical: 10
  High:     46
  Medium:   116 
  Low:      34

Package                                       CVE ID              Severity
--------------------------------------------- ------------------  -------
libsmbclient-devel                            CVE-2021-44142       Critical
com.nimbusds_nimbus-jose-jwt                  CVE-2019-17195       Critical
go                                            CVE-2021-38297       Critical
log4j_log4j                                   CVE-2022-23305       Critical
org.apache.logging.log4j_log4j-core           CVE-2021-45046       Critical
org.apache.hadoop_hadoop-hdfs                 CVE-2017-15718       Critical
glibc                                         CVE-2021-33574       Critical
org.apache.logging.log4j_log4j-core           CVE-2021-44228       Critical
log4j_log4j                                   CVE-2019-17571       Critical
com.fasterxml.jackson.core_jackson-databind   CVE-2019-14892       Critical
org.apache.hadoop_hadoop-hdfs                 CVE-2018-1296        High    
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2022-21476       High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2020-8625        High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2020-9484        High    
file                                          CVE-2019-18218       High    
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3352        High    
org.apache.commons_commons-compress           CVE-2019-12402       High    
polkit                                        CVE-2021-4034        High    
org.apache.ant_ant                            CVE-2020-11979       High    
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2285        High    
log4j_log4j                                   CVE-2022-23302       High    
systemd-udev                                  CVE-2021-33909       High    
org.apache.commons_commons-email              CVE-2018-1294        High    
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000343     High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2021-41079       High    
org.apache.accumulo_accumulo-core             CVE-2020-17533       High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2022-23181       High    
mozjs60                                       CVE-2022-37603       High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2020-13934       High    
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-0778        High    
libsmbclient                                  CVE-2022-45141       High    
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000342     High    
bind-license                                  CVE-2021-25215       High    
org.apache.logging.log4j_log4j-core           CVE-2021-45105       High    
org.apache.hadoop_hadoop-hdfs                 CVE-2018-11766       High    
polkit                                        CVE-2021-3560        High    
gnutls28                                      CVE-2020-24659       High    
dhcp-libs                                     CVE-2021-25217       High    
cyrus-sasl-lib                                CVE-2022-24407       High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2021-25329       High    
io.netty_netty-all                            CVE-2016-4970        High    
nss-tools                                     CVE-2021-43527       High    
libsmbclient-devel                            CVE-2020-25717       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-29923       High    
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000340     High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2020-13935       High    
grub2-tools-minimal                           CVE-2022-28733       High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2022-29885       High    
org.apache.hadoop_hadoop-hdfs                 CVE-2018-11767       High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2020-17527       High    
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000338     High    
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2021-25122       High    
go                                            CVE-2021-39293       High    
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000352     High    
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000344     High    
org.apache.commons_commons-email              CVE-2017-9801        High    
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2022-21282       Medium  
jasper-libs                                   CVE-2021-26927       Medium  
dhcp-client                                   CVE-2022-2928        Medium  
mokutil                                       CVE-2022-28737       Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2022-21365       Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2022-21366       Medium  
grub2-tools                                   CVE-2022-28735       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2021-3999        Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2021-23841       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2020-13584       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-1826        Medium  
org.hibernate_hibernate-validator             CVE-2019-10219       Medium  
org.apache.ant_ant                            CVE-2020-1945        Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2022-21540       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-1817        Medium  
libarchive                                    CVE-2017-14502       Medium  
jasper-libs                                   CVE-2021-26926       Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2068        Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2021-2369        Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-27219       Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2021-35565       Medium  
jasper-libs                                   CVE-2021-3272        Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2022-21293       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2020-8285        Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2022-21291       Medium  
nodejs-nodemon                                CVE-2022-33987       Medium  
dhcp-client                                   CVE-2022-2929        Medium  
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2021-30640       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2021-3177        Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2020-9951        Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2020-9983        Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2021-2388        Medium  
bind-license                                  CVE-2021-25214       Medium  
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000339     Medium  
grub2-tools                                   CVE-2021-3696        Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2021-35578       Medium  
polkit                                        CVE-2021-4115        Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2021-35564       Medium  
ncurses                                       CVE-2019-17595       Medium  
ncurses                                       CVE-2019-17594       Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2022-21305       Medium  
tiff                                          CVE-2020-35524       Medium  
grub2-tools-minimal                           CVE-2021-3695        Medium  
grub2-common                                  CVE-2021-3697        Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2021-35559       Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2022-21496       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2020-9948        Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2021-35556       Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2022-21341       Medium  
cairo                                         CVE-2020-35492       Medium  
libx11                                        CVE-2021-31535       Medium  
sqlite3                                       CVE-2020-15358       Medium  
libsmbclient-devel                            CVE-2016-2124        Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2022-21541       Medium  
systemd-pam                                   CVE-2020-13776       Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2021-35586       Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2022-21340       Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2022-34169       Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2022-21434       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-1820        Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2022-21299       Medium  
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000341     Medium  
tiff                                          CVE-2020-35523       Medium  
libtiff                                       CVE-2020-19131       Medium  
cups                                          CVE-2022-26691       Medium  
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2021-33037       Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2022-21248       Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2021-35567       Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2022-21443       Medium  
jasper-libs                                   CVE-2020-27828       Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2022-21360       Medium  
sqlite3                                       CVE-2020-13434       Medium  
grub2-common                                  CVE-2022-28734       Medium  
org.apache.logging.log4j_log4j-core           CVE-2021-44832       Medium  
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2020-13943       Medium  
krb5                                          CVE-2020-28196       Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2022-21277       Medium  
cpio                                          CVE-2019-14866       Medium  
bind-libs                                     CVE-2021-25219       Medium  
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000345     Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2021-35561       Medium  
nettle                                        CVE-2021-20305       Medium  
tiff                                          CVE-2022-3597        Medium  
samba-common-libs                             CVE-2021-23192       Medium  
qt5-srpm-macros                               CVE-2021-3481        Medium  
c-ares                                        CVE-2021-3672        Medium  
openssl                                       CVE-2022-2097        Medium  
grub2-tools-minimal                           CVE-2022-28736       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-30661       Medium  
python                                        CVE-2020-26116       Medium  
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2022-34305       Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2021-2341        Medium  
org.eclipse.jetty_jetty-io                    CVE-2019-17632       Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2022-21294       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2021-1825        Medium  
openjdk-8                                     CVE-2022-21426       Medium  
libsmbclient                                  CVE-2021-44141       Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2022-21283       Medium  
curl                                          CVE-2020-8286        Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2022-1292        Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2022-21296       Medium  
glibc                                         CVE-2016-10228       Medium  
spring-core_spring-core                       CVE-2020-5421        Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2021-35550       Medium  
junit_junit                                   CVE-2020-15250       Medium  
openssh-server                                CVE-2021-41617       Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2019-13012       Medium  
java-11-openjdk-devel                         CVE-2021-35603       Medium  
systemd-pam                                   CVE-2019-3842        Medium  
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2021-24122       Medium  
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2021-3712        Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2175        Medium  
glib2                                         CVE-2020-13543       Medium  
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2345        Medium  
libsmbclient-devel                            CVE-2021-20254       Medium  
libsmbclient                                  CVE-2021-20316       Medium  
mozjs60                                       CVE-2022-37598       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3296        Low     
glib2                                         CVE-2020-16125       Low     
libtiff                                       CVE-2020-35521       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2021-35942       Low     
apache tomcat_tomcat-embed-core               CVE-2021-43980       Low     
libjpeg-turbo                                 CVE-2020-17541       Low     
gnupg2                                        CVE-2022-3219        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2124        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2021-27645       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2021-3326        Low     
vim-minimal                                   CVE-2022-2206        Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-3278        Low     
grub2-tools-minimal                           CVE-2021-3981        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2022-23219       Low     
openssl-libs                                  CVE-2021-23840       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2020-27618       Low     
bash                                          CVE-2019-18276       Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3256        Low     
cups                                          CVE-2020-10001       Low     
vim                                           CVE-2022-3234        Low     
samba                                         CVE-2021-43566       Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2019-9169        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2019-25013       Low     
libxml2                                       CVE-2020-24977       Low     
curl                                          CVE-2020-8284        Low     
curl                                          CVE-2020-8231        Low     
org.bouncycastle_bcprov-jdk15on               CVE-2016-1000346     Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2210        Low     
libdb-utils                                   CVE-2019-2708        Low     
glibc                                         CVE-2022-23218       Low     
libtiff                                       CVE-2020-35522       Low     
openssh                                       CVE-2020-14145       Low     
vim-filesystem                                CVE-2022-2125        Low     

